Bob and Randy were relaxing by the lake after their intense sexual
adventure with Pete, the Forest Ranger whom they had introduced for the
first time to guy-on-guy sex in all its variations.

Pete had just left, with promises to see them again soon, and as they sat
in the deepening twilight Bob sighed contentedly.  "Now it's just the two
of us for the rest of the weekend, and then home to face the tribe – and
all that `Kumbaya shit' as you call it.  I wonder how Brandon got on
spending his first night with Eddie and Ben."

Actually, Bob could have described pretty accurately what Brandon's night
had been like.  They were, after all, three spirited young bucks, hormones
raging, three to a bed.  And it came at the end of a day to remember – a
day that changed Brandon's life.

It had all begun when young Eddie had met Brandon struggling up the hill in
his wheelchair.  Eddie had taken an immediate liking to him and had rescued
him from his solitary life in his small apartment, limited by the fact that
his legs didn't work – hence the wheelchair – though everything else
worked just fine.

Eddie ignored these limitations and, with his typical enthusiasm,
introduced him to the tribe.  This group didn't do anything in
half-measures and Brandon was greeted full on by a raucous birthday party –
Eddie's 19th actually but Brandon's also as he too would be 19 in a week.

It turned out to be a day full of incident.  Almost immediately Brandon
wanted desperately to become a part of this energetic tribe of gorgeous men
and boys – and he got his wish.  The time-honored rite of passage for a
boy to become a full member was to get his ass fucked by the boss, Randy,
the King of the Gypsies.  It was a first for Brandon and he had fallen
totally under the gypsy's spell.  Now that he was initiated he couldn't
wait for more.

"So," Randy said to Bob later, "looks like we got a new addition to the
group.  I like the kid – he's got guts.  Plus," he grinned, "he was
smart enough to choose me as the first guy to fuck him.  You always
remember your first, you know."

"Tell me about it," said Bob, smiling at the man who had changed his life
forever.  "You're right, Brandon will fit in well.  Hard not to feel
sympathy for him, though that's the last thing he wants.  It's great how
the boys get that.  They don't pay any attention to the wheelchair, except
as a plaything for popping a wheelie.  Darius is the current champ, I
hear."

Next came the other landmark event when Jamie announced that he had offered
Brandon the job of office assistant.  Bob had encouraged this and smiled,
"Congratulations, Brandon, I know you'll do a great job.  And if you have
any problems that Jamie can't solve you come to me."

"Thank you, sir," Brandon beamed behind his black-rimmed glasses.  "You
don't know what this means to me.  I've always wanted a job – to feel
useful, something I can be proud of – and working with Jamie will be
totally..."  His voice faded and he blushed deeply.

Bob smiled knowingly.  "Yeah, well business before pleasure, eh kid?
Though if there's a little pleasure thrown in too I'm not against that –
far from it.  Hell, whenever I go to Randy's office on the construction
site he usually locks the door and ..."  Now it was his turn to blush.

Jamie shouted, "Hey, guys, listen up.  I want you all to meet our new
office assistant."  Eddie jumped up and down cheering wildly and the others
followed his lead.  Pablo shook his hand formally, ever the `senior boy',
and said, "Welcome aboard, Brandon.  I assume you're staying the
weekend..."

"Sure he is," said Ben.  "He's sleeping with Eddie and me."  Brandon
grinned in surprise as Pablo said, "Good, so tomorrow morning, kiddo, I'm
taking you to the gym downstairs for your first workout – get working on
those abs of yours.  You'll have a six-pack in no time."

"Thanks, Pablo, that would be awesome.  I've always wanted to ..."  But he
didn't get to finish as they all wanted a piece of him.  The twins grabbed
him and said, "We're gonna make a start on dinner now so if you'd like to
come and help later we'll show you how to cook."

"Thanks guys, I would love..."  But he was dragged away by Darius who spoke
confidentially with his exaggerated sense of the dramatic.  "Now listen,
dude.  You remember how Mark told you that he once got tied up and whipped
by a leather-master – Zack to be precise – and you wished there was a
video of it.  Well there is, and I've got it.  I can give you a private
screening right now – you, Eddie and Ben.  And if you've got any jism
left in your cock..."

"'Course he does," Eddie said.  "Him and me, we're the original gushers.
Come on, dude, let's go.  That video is intense."  The four of them
disappeared and soon Brandon was watching the video of Mark and Zack that
totally blew him away.  There was a whole lot of gushing going on.

After the four guys had pumped themselves dry over the video Brandon
quickly segued from fantasy to food, taking the twins up on their offer and
working eagerly with them amid the heady aromas of the kitchen.  He loved
being part of the action wheeling himself out with tray after tray of food
on his lap.  The dinner was the climax of the birthday celebration and it
didn't break up until Bob and Randy announced they were going to bed as
they had an early start the next day for their trip to the lake (and their
rendezvous with the Ranger).

Brandon helped Eddie and the twins clear the table and tidy the kitchen and
then at last Eddie, Ben and Brandon found themselves alone together in the
garden.  Eddie grinned at Brandon.  "Time for bed, kiddo."  Eddie and Ben
between them carried Ben in his wheelchair up the stairs, as usual making a
game out of the wheelchair and leaving no room for Brandon to feel
embarrassed.

In a few minutes all three boys were naked and Brandon was lying on his
back on the bed gazing up excitedly at the boyishly handsome Eddie and the
dark gypsy boy Ben, standing over him, their arms folded.

"So, what d'you think we should do with the new kid, eh, dude?" Eddie
asked.

Ben shrugged.  "Dunno.  Fuck him, that's for sure, and then I guess we'll
just make it up as we go along."

Brandon's newly-acquired skill of getting fucked in the ass, taught by
Randy, had left him longing for more.  But there was also a greater reason
for his nervous excitement now.  That first day when Eddie had helped him
up the hill and into Brandon's apartment they had exchanged blow-jobs and
discovered their matching sexual appetites.  But since then they had not
been alone together.

There had been their dinner last night with Hassan after which Brandon had
slept alone as always.  And then, from this morning on, came the crowded,
life-changing events of the party.  Throughout the day the two boys'
friendship had grown quickly as they sat and laughed together and, even in
the boisterous crowd, they had exchanged frequent excited glances, some of
them bordering on lustful.

But there had been no chance of any kind of sexual exploration ... until
now.  Ben, Eddie's boyfriend, was aware of all this and, although he had
eagerly embraced Brandon as his friend too, now he had the good instinct to
step back and just watch for a while as Eddie and Brandon took their
friendship to the next level.

Eddie climbed onto the bed and knelt astride Brandon who was shivering with
nervous anticipation.  He gazed up at Eddie's cheeky smile and said, "You
know you're my hero, dude, don't you?"

"Nah, that's crazy, kiddo," Eddie said.  "If anyone's a hero it's you."

"Huh, just having two legs that don't work don't make me a hero.  But when
you ignored that and treated me like a regular guy, that makes you one.
You got the biggest heart of anyone I ever met, and look what you've done
for me."

Eddie laughed.  "It's not what I've done for you, dude, it's what I'm going
to do to you.  Don't think of me as a hero, just a cool guy who wants to
shove his dick up your butt."

"I do want that, Eddie, I really do, but you mustn't do it just `coz you
feel sorry for me."

"Hey, you can cut that crap, kid," Eddie bristled.  "Me and Ben don't do
mercy fucks and we don't wanna hear that kind of talk from you again.
You're selling yourself short.  OK, so your legs don't work but I'm not
interested in them, it's your ass I want and that seems to work fine
judging by the look on Randy's face when he fucked you.  So let's cut to
the chase here."  He pulled up Ben's legs and hooked them over his
shoulders where they hung limply.

"Dude," Brandon said, "I'm sorry I said that dumb thing."

Eddie put on a stern expression and a gruff voice.  "Yeah, well `sorry'
don't cut it dude – I'm just gonna have to punish you, boy.  You
remember how Hassan punished me when I screwed up?"

Brandon was trembling with excitement.  "He ... he fucked you up the ass."

"Bingo ... Now, Randy opened you up good with that monster tool of his but
I still think we're gonna need this ..."  He leaned over to the night
table, dipped his fingers in the ever-open jar of lube and eased them into
Brandon's hole.  "Jeez that's tight," he said.  "I'm sure glad you chose
Randy to pop your cherry `coz he's the master with first-timers – the
master with anyone actually.  And at least I get to be second.  OK, so let
the punishment begin..."

The two boys stared at each other as Eddie pressed the head of his cock
against Brandon's hole and pushed.  As the head passed over the sphincter
Brandon gasped and winced in pain.  "That hurt, dude?" Eddie asked and
stopped pushing.  "Guess it's still sore from that ramrod of Randy's.  Take
a deep breath kid and relax your ass."

Brandon did as instructed and felt the pain melt away, replaced by a
feeling of wonder as he looked up at his new friend leaning naked over him,
then looked down at the cock disappearing into his ass.  Suddenly Brandon
felt a sensation beyond mere friendship, a feeling so intense and so new to
him that it confused him.  The only thing he did know for sure is that he
wanted to feel Eddie fucking him.

He smiled up at him mischievously and said, "I thought this was supposed to
be punishment, dude.  Is that all you got?"

"You little fucker," Eddie grinned.  "OK, punk, you asked for it."  He
pushed his cock slowly into Brandon's ass until it came to rest deep
inside.  "Shit that feels good," Eddie sighed.  "Great fit, eh?  OK, now
for the punishment bit."  He pulled back, then drove his cock in hard,
beginning a forceful fuck that took Brandon nearly up to his threshold of
pain, but not quite.

Eddie had learned a lot from his master, the stud Marine Hassan, who fucked
him often.  Hassan could easily have ripped his ass open but instead teased
him by pounding him `til he begged for mercy, then slowed down to a gentle
fuck, making love to his ass.  And that's what Eddie tried to do now.  It
worked too, bouncing Brandon between pleasure, pain and frustration –
until Eddie went too far.  He leaned forward, pinned Brandon's wrists to
the bed and, attempting a sneer, growled, "Got you now, punk.  Nowhere you
can go.  You're at my mercy boy.  I'm your worst nightmare..."

Brandon and Ben both burst out laughing.  "Dude," Ben taunted Eddie, "Rambo
you are not.  Stop playing the he-man and just fuck the kid."

Eddie grinned good-naturedly at Brandon.  "Never was much good at that
fantasy stuff – I always make guys laugh.  What say we just make love,
eh?"

"Mmm.  Sounds good to me," Brandon said and surprised them both, showing
off his upper body strength by pushing Eddie's arm up and breaking his grip
on his wrists.  He grabbed Eddie's pecs and squeezed his nipples.  Eddie
reached down and rolled Brandon's nipples in his fingers while he fucked
his ass slowly and gently.

They both sighed with pure joy, knowing now that this is what the whole day
had been leading up to.  In fact, ever since Eddie had first gone into
Brandon's apartment and they had traded blowjobs, this is what each had
really wanted.  "You doing OK, dude?" Eddie asked.

"Mmm – better than OK.  Your cock feels so sweet in my ass.  You could
go on fucking me like this all night without stopping."

Actually he couldn't, as the two boys were both known for cumming quickly
and often – the two gushers as Eddie called them.  But they held back as
long as they could, grinning into each other's sparkling eyes with the
youthful wonderment of having discovered the simple joy of two best buddies
making love.

Ben was surprised too – surprised by how good he felt as he watched them
– no animosity, no jealousy which, under other circumstances, might have
angered him.  He was Randy's little brother after all.  But Ben liked
Brandon a lot and it was hot watching his boyfriend fuck him, knowing that
he himself would be an equal partner in their friendship. And it was time
to prove it.

He had been stroking his cock as he watched the two lithe young bodies
settle into a gentle rhythm, with Eddie rising and falling over Brandon's
ass, probing a little deeper each time.  "Man, that feels so good," Brandon
sighed.  "Hey, do what you did before."  Eddie leaned forward and pinned
Brandon's wrists to the bed.  "Oh, yeah, now I really am your prisoner.
Next time you and Ben can tie me up."

At the sound of his name Ben now stepped forward.  "Huh, we don't need
ropes for what I have in mind.  You two guys have been having all the fun
up to now.  My turn to kick it up a notch."  He knelt by the bed, leaned
over and Brandon inhaled sharply as he saw the dark, handsome gypsy face
grinning down at him.  He had the same high cheekbones as his brother, the
same startling blue eyes that Brandon had gazed into when he was getting
fucked by Randy.

"We're gonna have a whole lot of fun, the three of us," Ben smiled.  "Me
and Eddie, we'll tie you down and take turns fucking you in the ass and the
face.  You'll probably drown in jism – but, it's a hell of a way to go."

Brandon's laugh was stifled by Ben's mouth pressing against his in a
passionate tongue-probing kiss.  Startled, Brandon opened his eyes wide and
glimpsed over Ben's shoulder the rascal grin of Eddie, still ploughing his
ass.  Brandon's cock was shuddering and when Ben pulled back Brandon said,
"You guys, you're gonna make me bust my load."

"That was the general idea, "Ben said.  "Pity Eddie's got you pinned down,
you're probably dying to touch your cock, but let me take care of that for
you.  This should finish you off."

He moved from Brandon's face, licking his neck, his pecs and his nipples,
making him groan and raise his chest.  Then he moved lower, over his
stomach and down to his shuddering cock.  He slid his mouth over it, down
and up, matching the rhythm of Eddie's cock moving in and out of Brandon's
ass.

"Holy Shit," Brandon groaned desperately.  "I can't take this, guys.  I
gotta cum."  The mere thought of these two hot young studs, one fucking his
ass the other sucking his dick, was enough to make him cum, but the actual
feel of it pushed him way over the edge and he yelled, "Here it comes, guys
...!"  His body jerked and his cock blasted hot jizz into Ben's mouth.  Ben
swallowed hard but was choking on it so he pulled off the cock, just in
time for another ribbon of Brandon's cum to shoot upward onto Eddie's
chest.

At the same moment Eddie yelled, "Yeah, here it comes, kid, the first of
many," and his cock erupted deep into Brandon's ass.  He shot one load,
then pulled out quickly, stood up by the bed and pulled Ben up beside him.
"Hey, dude," Eddie said to Ben, "look what the young punk has done to us.
His jizz is all over my chest and running down your chin.  We gonna let him
get away with that?"

"Hell, no," Ben said.  "I told the little fucker he would drown in jism, so
let's do it buddy."

Brandon was dazzled by the sight of the two boys grabbing each other's
cocks and stroking them.  In seconds he heard their howls and saw the cocks
open up.  But that was all he saw as his face was smothered by semen
splashing down on it, stream after stream, into his mouth and down his
chin.  He swallowed desperately and for an instant felt he really was
drowning in cum.

But as Ben had said, it was a hell of a way to go.


Things only got hotter from there.  "Didn't I hear the dude mention
bondage?" Eddie asked Ben.  "Damn straight," Ben said.  "See kiddo, me and
Eddie keep these ropes round the bedposts for the nights when we want a bit
of rough.  You asked for it, dude, you got it.  Each one grabbed a wrist,
pulled it up to the corner of the bed and tied it to the bedpost.

The only other time Brandon had been tied up was when the cop Mark had
visited him and cuffed his wrists behind his wheelchair.  He had been
scared then and was still nervous this time, reflexively pulling at the
ropes and twisting his upper body.  "Shit, that looks awesome, Eddie said.
"And he's all ours, Ben old buddy."

"What you gonna do to me?" asked Brandon, turned on by the exhilaration of
fear.  "You guys gonna fuck me again?"  He felt the new thrill of being
tied up at the mercy of two muscular young studs, the houseboy and the
gypsy, staring down at him and debating how they were going to use his body

Eddie turned to Ben.  "It's up to you, dude – it's your turn.  You wanna
fuck him?  His hole's good and slick."

Ben flicked at Brandon's cock that was standing up proud as a flagpole.
"Maybe," he said, "but it sure seems a shame to waste this boner here."  He
jumped on the bed and stood astride Brandon, his arms folded across his
chest, his jet black hair falling over his blue eyes, a youthful version of
his brother Randy.  "See, my brother raised us guys to be real tough, so
I'd sure get off on pile-driving your ass, boy.  But on the other hand,
your ass has already been stuffed by my buddy here and now it looks like
that stiff dick of yours could use a workout."

Ben dropped to his knees astride Brandon and grinned down at him.  "My
master Jason told me what he did to you in your house.  Said it was great
and I should try it sometime.  Well, there's no time like the present."
With expert precision he lowered his ass onto Brandon's cock ... and sat
down on it hard."

"Aaahh!" Brandon yelled in shock and amazement, feeling the inside of a
man's ass for only the second time in his life.  His cock was deep inside
the gypsy boy and he watched mesmerized as Ben rose up almost off it,
paused, then sat down heavily again, letting the boy's cock plunge back
deep inside.  It was a pornographic fantasy, the young gypsy moaning as he
rose and fell over him, fucking Brandon's cock with his ass.  "Oh man,"
Brandon sighed, desperately holding back his orgasm by tensing his ass
muscles, which turned Ben on even more.  "I don't think I can stop from..."

"Don't cum yet, buddy."  It was Eddie, kneeling by the bed and speaking in
his ear.  "I know Ben's ass feels awesome – that's why I fuck him so
much.  But you know, fucking is easy, making love is more intense.  You've
probably not done much of it, so I'm gonna show you.  And you don't have to
be tied up to do it.  Quickly Eddie released Brandon's wrists and put his
hand under his head, cradling it.  "Close your eyes a minute," Eddie said.

Brandon did as he was told and felt Eddie's warm tongue licking his eyes,
then breathing hot air over them.  Eddie licked his forehead, his temples,
his cheeks, then said, "Open your mouth, Brandon."  Their mouths closed
over each other and they were exchanging the same warm breath, one inhaling
while the other exhaled.  Brandon had never felt so ... at peace ... as Ben
rode his cock and Eddie made love to his face.

Eddie pulled back and said, "Open your eyes, kiddo."  When he did, Brandon
found himself looking up not just at a pair of mischievous eyes, but
smiling eyes that were full of warmth and affection... no – much more
than affection ... it must be what they called love.  And it felt like
nothing else in the world.  He wrapped his hands round Eddie's head and
pulled his face towards him, licking it, kissing it while he ran his
fingers through Eddie's tangled hair.

They finally pulled apart and both looked up at Ben grinning down at them
as he continued to ride Brandon's cock.  "Sure looks like boyfriend
material to me," Ben said.  "You think a guy can have two boyfriends at
once?"

"This one can," Eddie said.  "Let's show him how that feels.  Give it to
him, dude.  Ride that cock."  Ben bounced faster and faster like a cowboy
riding a stallion while Eddie gazed into Brandon's eyes.  "This is what we
call a triple shock, kiddo ... you ready?"

Again they hugged, glorying in the touch of each other's flesh, and again
they kissed – more passionately this time – until Brandon's body
bucked against Eddie's and his muffled scream into Eddie's mouth was the
signal for their second `triple shock' together, three horny, loving young
guys all cumming at once.  Eddie's jizz poured over Brandon's chest just as
Ben sat down heavily on his cock, making it erupt deep inside him.

Ben howled, grabbed his cock and pointed it at the two faces.  "Aaagh...!"
His shout was jubilant as he blasted a stream of semen that arced in the
air and splashed down on the faces as they kissed.  Eddie and Brandon felt
their mouths lubricated by Ben's warm jism as they ground their lips
together, tasting, swallowing their buddy's bitter-sweet juice.

Ben looked down at them in triumph, his cock still dripping cum.  "Way to
go, dudes.  They don't call us the Three Amigos for nothing."

Next door, lying naked in bed, Mario couldn't possibly sleep through the
screams of passion and howls of laughter that came through the wall.
Finally he got out of bed, pulled on a pair of black briefs and walked out
onto the narrow terrace that connected their rooms.  He knocked on their
door and went in to find Brandon lying on the bed and Ben and Eddie rolling
over the floor in each other's arms.

They jumped to their feet when they saw Mario and Eddie said, "Sorry dude,
were we making too much noise?"

Mario smiled and, in his lilting Italian accent, said, "Gentlemen, it is a
well-known fact in any country – Italy, America, anywhere – that if
you're giving a loud party you should always invite the neighbors."

"Damn, he's right," Ben said to Eddie, who was gazing at the beautiful
young Italian with his finely etched body and classically handsome European
features.  "Sorry, dude, we should have thought of that.  We were just
getting to know our new boyfriend Brandon, but come and join us?  We're not
nearly finished.  Long way to go yet."

"Are you sure that applies to all of you?" Mario grinned, nodding at the
bed where Brandon was lying on his back, eyes closed, with a satisfied
smile on his face."

"Oh, wow," Ben said in surprise.  "He's asleep."

"Sleeping the sleep of the angels I would say," Mario said gently.  "He
looks so beautiful.  But I don't think there's much play left in him for
now.  Amicos, Brandon has had probably the most wonderful – and
certainly the most crowded – day of his life, thanks largely to you,
Eddie, and now to Ben.  But now he's exhausted.  He should sleep."

"Oh, yeah, sure," said Eddie.  "Me and Ben can carry on on the floor,
though, couldn't we?"

"Not a good idea, I think," Mario said.  "The noise would wake him up and
he'd want to join in."

"OK, then," said Ben uncertainly.  "We'll go to sleep with him and try not
to disturb him."  Mario smiled at him dubiously and Ben shrugged.
"Wouldn't work, eh?  Yeah, you're right."

"Look, guys," Mario said.  "Why don't you let me take him to my room?  It's
quiet in there – neighbors permitting," he smiled – "and I have a big
bed.  He'd sleep all night there."

Ben and Eddie looked at each other.  They had been hoping for the three of
them to sleep and play together, but they realized now that wouldn't be
fair to Brandon.  "OK, Mario, good idea, thanks."

"If you can bring in his wheelchair and his glasses I'll do the rest,"
Mario said.  He leaned over the bed, eased his arms under the sleeping boy
and picked him up gently.  Brandon stirred but didn't wake.  "As I said,"
Mario whispered, "the sleep of the angles."

Ben held the door open while Mario carried Brandon to his room, followed by
Eddie and the wheelchair.  Mario gently laid him on the bed and Eddie
whispered, "You got a towel?"  Mario produced a damp towel that Eddie used
very gently to wipe the cum drying on Brandon's body.  Again the boy
stirred and smiled in his sleep but didn't wake.  Eddie kissed him on the
cheek, then he and Ben tiptoed out.

The room was silent now and as Mario looked down at the angelic face a wave
of affection swept over him.  Carefully, he eased into bed beside him,
wrapped his arms around him and in no time at all they were both asleep.

Brandon woke up slowly next morning.  His first sense to come alive was his
sense of smell – a musky-sweet fragrance that eased him back to
semi-consciousness.  Next came the sense of touch, the warm feel of smooth
flesh with a similar soft sandalwood essence.  Still half asleep he opened
his eyes to the blurred image of a handsome face with curly black hair and
limpid green eyes.  Brandon had been dreaming of making love and
instinctively he kissed the beautiful face then dozed again, cheek to
cheek.

The last sense to come alive was his hearing, a lyrical voice in his ear.
"Buon giorno, giovane.  Come sta, amico?"  That woke him up.  Certainly not
Eddie or Ben.  He opened his eyes wide and found himself gazing at Mario.
Suddenly feeling flooded back to his body – a slight soreness in his ass
and a tingling in his cock.  "Oh... Mario, it's you.  How did I get here?
You didn't ... we didn't ... I mean, did we?"

"No, amico.  Much as I would have liked to I have a rule that I never make
love to sleeping boys.  If you are feeling the after-effects of sex it is
because you had quite a time with Eddie and Ben next door.  I should know,"
he grinned, "I heard every sound.  Then you fell asleep so I brought you in
here.  And in case you have any doubts – no we didn't - you slept all
night, mostly in my arms.  Would you like some coffee?"

"That ... that would be great," Brandon stammered, his thoughts still
reeling.  He pulled himself up the bed by his elbows and Mario put a pillow
behind his head.  He went over to where he had a kettle and coffee press,
and in a few minutes the aroma of strong Italian coffee filled the room.
Brandon's head had cleared and he put on his glasses and looked around the
room which, despite its modest size, was furnished and decorated with an
Italian flair.

"This room's awesome," Brandon said, "real cool – kinda elegant."

"Grazie, amico – it is something we Italians are known for."

"And it smells so good – you too by the way."

"Ah, a little sandalwood incense, a light cologne – it doesn't take
much.  Here's your coffee."

Mario served it on a tray with fine porcelain cups, a milk jug and sugar
bowl with tongs. Brandon felt a little over-awed by the elegant Italian and
blurted out a question that had been on his mind.  Mario, how come you live
alone – I mean, no master, no boy?"

"The answer is in your question, Brandon – `no master, no boy'.  You
can't place me in either category and neither can I.  I don't see myself as
someone's boy or someone's master.  I'm like so many others – a simple
young man looking for love.  Jamie and I are best friends and we make love
sometimes, and I spend a lot of time with him and Mark.  But of course,
Jamie's first loyalty, his first love, is for Mark.  But, one day I'm sure
I will find someone who is free to be `mio ragazzo' – how do you say? –
my boyfriend.  But let me ask you the same question.  How come you live
alone?"

"Huh, that's easy," Brandon laughed.  "Not too many guys want a kid in a
wheelchair.  That is until Eddie came along.  He's an awesome dude and I
think me, him and Ben are gonna be boyfriends – but I'll still have sex
with other guys if anyone wants to.  Er, Mario, I've been meaning to ask –
like – are we gonna have sex now?"

Mario laughed, but not unkindly.  No, amico.  Much as I would like to I
don't – how you say? – `fuck on the first date'.  I used to do that
when I was a hotel waiter but now I like to get to know a man first.  I
hardly know you, Brandon, but we can remedy that.  Soon I will come up to
your apartment at the top of the hill and give you some help redecorating
it if you would like.

"I really would like that – how you say? – `mio amico'.  They laughed
as Brandon threw Mario's words back at him, but just then there was an
insistent knocking at the door.  Before Mario could open it Pablo burst in.
"Hi, Mario – ah, Brandon, the guys told me you were here.  Come on –
remember that early workout down in the gym that I promised you?  I'll help
you down."

"Oh, yeah, sure Pablo, thanks."  Brandon was sorry about the interruption –
he would have liked to talk to Mario some more – but he thought it was
kind of Pablo to remember.  Mario was sorry too but he felt less forgiving.
There was that domineering tone in Pablo's voice that he never liked
... Pablo in the role of the `boss's boy.'  And Mario had seen the way
Pablo played gym instructor – more like a drill sergeant.

Still, Brandon seemed willing as he hauled himself naked off the bed and
into his wheelchair, so Mario said, "Nice talking to you, Brandon – and
even nicer sleeping with you.  See you again real soon."  Brandon leaned
over from his wheelchair and kissed him on the lips.  "Thanks for taking
care of me ... amico."  And Pablo carried him off downstairs.

************************

Pablo had earlier been briefed by Randy on how to treat Brandon.  Above
all, Randy had said, Brandon wanted to be treated just like the other guys
– no special treatment.  The rest of the boys got this instinctively,
which is why Brandon was having such a great time with them.  But when
Pablo trained a boy in the gym it was more like boot camp – he worked
them real hard, belittled them if that's what he thought they needed and he
let his language rip.  Right, Pablo thought, so Brandon would get the same
treatment.

Brandon was still in awe of the tough, muscular boss's boy, a junior
version of Randy – but there was a difference.  Randy could be tough, of
course, but he always respected a boy's limits and Brandon had trusted
Randy not to hurt him when he had offered his virgin ass to him before
anyone else.

Pablo always tried to copy Randy – with all his toughness but without
his finesse.  So Brandon knew the workout would be tough but he wanted to
be taught by an expert to bring his abs and upper body up to the high
standard of the other boys.  So he eased himself out of his wheelchair and
lay on his back on a bench, still naked.

The session started well as Pablo put him through a session of crunches and
other abdominal exercises that he skilfully adapted for a boy who doesn't
have the use of his legs.  Brandon worked hard and felt the satisfying burn
in his abs – a result of Pablo's `no-pain-no-gain' attitude.  But when
Brandon's energy flagged or his form wasn't perfect the drill sergeant took
over, browbeating him with language that went way over the top.

"Come on, boy, that all you got?  Just because your legs don't work is no
reason to cheat on the top half.  That's no excuse, so don't wimp out on
me.  You gotta be tough, boy, even more so `coz you're disabled."  And
don't look to me for sympathy just because you're in a wheelchair.  You'll
get no special treatment from me.  Come on – fifteen more reps."

The words pierced Brandon like a dagger.  It was a point of pride for him
that he never sought sympathy, always tried to forget his disability and
wanted others to forget it too.  He worked his upper body real hard
wheeling his chair and always declined help.  So when Pablo as good as
accused him of playing the `cripple card', as spiteful guys had called it
in the past, it drained him of all the self-confidence he had built up with
the other boys.  He was back to resenting his condition, hating his useless
legs, and sliding back to depression.

But he gritted his teeth and pushed through the rest of the session trying
to ignore the cruel words that kept coming.  He was relieved when Pablo
finally said, "OK, that's it for today.  A few more sessions and we'll whip
you into shape.  Except we're not quite done.  This last exercise is not in
any training manual but it's something a guy has to do for his trainer."
Brandon was lying on his stomach on a bench facing the mirrored wall and he
tensed suddenly, knowing how vulnerable his ass was.

"See, when a guy first joins the tribe Randy always fucks his ass as a kind
of initiation.  He's done it to all of them, even Mark, Zack and Hassan –
even his own brother, Steve.  Now me, as the boss's boy, I do the same to
the boys.  My dad Randy has already opened you up and those guys upstairs
probably ploughed your ass last night, so this should be a breeze."  Pablo
stripped down to his jock strap, threw his leg over the bench and stood
astride Brandon, smiling arrogantly at him in the mirror.

Normally Brandon would have been excited at the prospect of getting fucked
by the handsome, muscular boy, towering over him in nothing but his jock,
but the gym session had soured him on Pablo and he didn't trust him the way
he had trusted Randy.  So he clenched his jaw as Pablo pulled his hard rod
out of his jock, leaned forward and braced his hands on the bench beside
Brandon's face.  Brandon didn't expect foreplay, and didn't get it.  Pablo
lowered his hips, pressed the head of his cock between Brandon's ass-cheeks
... and drove it deep inside.

"Aaaagh!"  For the first time Brandon felt real pain.  When he had been
fucked by Randy and then Eddie there had been discomfort at first but then
nothing but pure pleasure.  But this time the pain didn't go away as Pablo
pistoned his cock deeper and deeper into his ass.  "Bit different from the
other guys, eh boy?  This time you're getting reamed by the boss's boy, so
brace yourself, kid.  This is the way I fuck, so don't think I'm gonna
treat you any differently just because you can't walk.  After this you
won't even be able to sit down!"

The fuck was savage but mercifully short.  Brandon raised his head and
looked into the mirror and the sight was pretty erotic of the tough,
handsome young stud flexing his muscles as he rode his ass, unruly hair
flying across his face.  But whatever charge Brandon got out of looking at
Pablo was more than outweighed by the pain in his ass.  "Please, Pablo, it
hurts.  Ease up, please, sir.  I can't take it."

"OK, you wanna feel my jizz in your ass? Randy always makes guys beg, so
let me hear it boy."

"OK, sir," Brandon moaned, tears flowing down his cheeks.  "Please cum
inside my ass ... please, I'm begging you – shoot your load in my ass,
sir."

"That's all I needed to hear, boy.  Here it comes ... Now!"  He roared as
he cock blasted hot cum in Brandon's sore ass and Brandon howled.  The pain
he felt was eased a bit when his own cock shot a stream of juice between
his stomach and the bench and he tried to relax his ass.

"How's that feel, boy?" Pablo asked.  "It hurts," Brandon whimpered.  "My
ass hurts."

"Yeah, well like I always say, kid, `No Pain No Gain'."

************************

A few minutes later Brandon was back in his wheelchair wearing an old pair
of shorts and a T-shirt that Pablo had pulled out of a pile of gym clothes
that lay tossed in a corner of the room.

"OK, where to next, kid?" Pablo asked.

"I, er, promised I'd help the twins with breakfast."  Pablo carried him in
his wheelchair upstairs and said.  "OK, Brandon, another session again
soon, eh?"  Pablo had an uneasy feeling that he hadn't handled Brandon too
well, though after all he had only been following the advice Randy had
given him.

"Er, yeah, thanks Pablo," Brandon said.  He put on his glasses and wheeled
himself quickly away to the kitchen.  He needed the calm good humor and
placid self-assurance of the twins as an antidote to the tough, demeaning
treatment he had just endured at the hands of the `boss's boy'.  And it
worked, with their cheerful greeting and their putting him to work,
wheeling out tray after tray of food to the boisterous crowd at the
breakfast table by the pool.

But throughout the meal some of the boys noticed that Brandon was not his
usual effervescent self that he had been just a short time before.  He was
sitting between Eddie and Ben who managed to make him laugh, but Jamie and
Mario exchanged worried glances.  They both knew where Brandon had been,
and who with, and they had a fair idea of what Pablo had done.  "Don't
worry," Jamie whispered to Mario.  "I'll take care of it."

As soon as he could Jamie made their excuses, saying he needed to give
Brandon an orientation on the procedures in the business office.  Jamie and
Brandon left the table and Jamie pulled him backwards up the stairs to the
office.  When they were sitting facing each other Jamie said, "OK, Brandon
what's up?"

"Up?  Nothing's up," Brandon smiled weakly, trying, and failing, to look
surprised.

"Look, buddy, Mario and I have a fair idea of how your workout session
went.  I know Pablo well.  I also know you don't want to rat on anyone and
I can understand that.  But whatever happened Pablo will tell Randy – he
tells him the absolute truth – and the way things work here it'll soon
be all over the house.  So, just between you and me, tell me exactly what
happened."

So Brandon did.  He had wanted to share his problem with someone and he
trusted Jamie.  As he told his story Jamie clenched his jaw and his fists,
picturing the scene of Pablo pulling his tough-guy act on the vulnerable
Brandon.  Brandon ended his story with a plea.  "I don't know how to tell
Pablo I don't wanna work out with him anymore."

"Don't worry about that, buddy.  I'll tell him – and I'll tell him why.
Listen, he may be Randy's boy but I'm Mark's boy.  Mark commands a ton of
respect in this house and that gives me at least as much status here as
Pablo.  I want you to trust and confide in me, Brandon.  After all, we'll
be working together, I'm happy to say."  He gave Brandon a hug, then added,
"OK, let's put all this behind us and get to work."

Later in the afternoon while Brandon was in the pool with Mario, Eddie and
Ben, Jamie phoned Pablo and asked him to come up to the office.

"You summoned me, sir?" Pablo said sarcastically as he came in, though his
usual arrogance had an edge of insecurity to it.

"Yeah," Jamie said sternly, "and I'll get right to the point.  About
Brandon."  He launched into a full recitation of everything Brandon had
told him, the boot camp workout, the cruel, unthinking words and the fuck,
"which borders on rape in my book," Jamie concluded.  "Way to go, Pablo.
You did everything possible to undermine the kid, remind him of his
disability and rip away all his self-confidence.  And don't get mad and
think Brandon snitched on you.  I insisted he told me and anyway, it's
gonna be all over the place soon, you know this house as well as I do."

Pablo's normal reaction would have been to flare up and slug Jamie.  But he
heard the truth of his words and realized how much he had hurt Brandon, a
boy he respected and admired for his courage.  "I was only trying to do
what Randy said and treat him like all the other guys – not pull any
punches.  But I guess I fucked up again.  Shit.  And I really like the kid,
too."  He paused, then said meekly, "How's he ding with the office work up
here?"

"Great, actually.  I think I'm gonna put him in charge of payroll – it
takes up so much of my time.  Only thing I'll have to do is drive him over
to the construction site for the meeting with Randy in his trailer for his
weekly review of the payroll details.  Soon Brandon will be able to handle
the meeting without me, except I'll have to take him there of course.
Anyway, buddy, I've had my say and that's that.  Perhaps you can think up
some cool way to make amends to Brandon."

"Yeah," said Pablo, his thoughts already churning over.

****************************

That evening Pablo called Randy at the lake and made a clean breast of the
whole incident.  "So it looks as if I've been a total fuck-up, sir."

"Yeah, you and me both," Randy said ruefully, looking over at Bob and
thinking how, only hours earlier, he had shown off to Ranger Pete, insulted
Bob in the process and got a tongue lashing from Bob.  You take after me in
fuck-ups.  But I see what you were trying to do – hell, I told you to do
it – but I guess it's a bit more complicated than I told you.  When I
get back we'll talk about it – and I guess I'll have to punish you by
fucking your ass."

"I guess so, sir," said Pablo, grinning for the first time.  "In the
meantime, sir, I've thought of a way of making it up to Brandon, but I need
your approval."  He explained what he had in mind and Randy said, "Sounds
like a plan.  Go for it kiddo.  Make me proud of you."

That evening Randy and Bob got back from the lake.  As always when they had
been away together they had a glow about them that Zack had once said was
so bright it could set the brush on fire.

There was a welcome home dinner, of course, and it was becoming standard
practice that Brandon was the runner, wheeling himself between the kitchen
and the outdoor table, his lap loaded with trays of food that he handed off
to the other boys for setting up the table.  This activity and the general
acceptance by everyone that he was now one of them almost made him forget
his experience in the gym, though he kept his distance from Pablo, fearing
an invitation to another workout session.

The following week saw the resumption of the usual house and work routine.
Preserving his independence Brandon went back to his apartment most
evenings, though one of the boys went with him to help him up the hill and
make sure he got home all right.

During the day he worked enthusiastically with Jamie and soon became
familiar with the payroll procedures.  On Friday Jamie drove him to the
construction site for their weekly meeting and they spent an hour with
Randy in his trailer where he went over the printout.  As usual he asked a
lot of questions in his gruff way.

"What the fuck?  This guy never worked this many hours – no way."

"Yes, sir," Brandon said, pushing his glasses firmly up the bridge of his
nose.  "See, here's his time sheet.  Remember, you had him stay late last
Monday to finish off a job with Dave?  Dave's timesheet is the same, in
case you were going to ask."

"Yeah, but Dave's on a higher pay scale."

"I know, sir, but you were asking about hours not dollars and the hours are
identical."

Randy's gruffness gave way to a broad smile.  "Hey, kid, remind me not to
contradict you again.  If we got in a fight I've a feeling you'd come out
on top.  Better watch out, Jamie.  The kid'll be putting you out of a job."

"Oh no, sir," Brandon protested, "I would never ..."

"Just kidding, little buddy."  Randy ruffled his hair.  "Bob was right
about you.  He knew you'd do great."  As he left with Jamie Brandon was
glowing with the warmth of Randy's approval.

As for Pablo the guys didn't see much of him all week and most nights he
didn't get home until late.  At the beginning of the week he had gone to
see his pal Derek at the auto supply place he used for all the company's
vehicle equipment needs.  "Hey, buddy," Pablo said, "I need a favor."

Derek, an older man, liked Pablo a lot and grinned.  "Kid, you bring me so
much business I'd wipe your ass for you if you wanted."  Pablo laughed,
"Nothing so drastic, man ... what I need doesn't involve ass ... well, only
indirectly...

Saturday came round again and the guys were taking it easy round the pool.
Bob suddenly asked, "Hey where's Pablo?"

Darius gave a dramatic shrug and opened his eyes wide.  "Don't ask me, sir.
I've hardly seen him all week – and we share a bed.  We haven't fucked
all week.  He comes in real late and leaves at crack of dawn.  Got some
mysterious project going but he's not talking.  But he did say he'd be here
around noon."  As if on cue there was a squeal of brakes outside.  "Well
talk of the devil," Darius said – "and I do mean devil."

Seconds later Pablo came through the gate looking very pleased with
himself.  He was wearing his usual work gear – greasy dungarees hooked
over just one shoulder, nothing underneath.  "Hey Brandon," he yelled out.
"Come here, dude, I've got something to show you."

Tentatively Brandon wheeled himself outside and put on his glasses but saw
nothing except Pablo's small red pickup truck.  As the other guys crowded
round Pablo said.  "This faithful pickup of mine I keep at work but almost
never use it now that Randy's given me his big truck after Bob bought him a
new one.  So, Brandon, old buddy ... it's all yours."

There was a shocked gasp all round, not least from Brandon who thought this
might be a rather sick joke.  But Pablo was enjoying himself and opened the
driver's door.  So get in, dude."

Brandon looked around bewildered until Randy said, "Better do as he says,
boy."  (Randy was in on the scheme, having OK'd it in the first place.)
The small pickup sat low enough for Brandon to wheel himself up beside it
and pull himself out of his chair and into the driver's seat.  As he had
done when driven by others, he expertly folded his chair pulled it in and
stored it on the passenger seat.  Then suddenly everything became
blindingly clear.

"Pablo, you didn't ..."  His eyes became moist as he stared at the newly
installed hand controls.

"Did the conversion all myself," Pablo said proudly, "with a bit of help
from my auto-supply buddy.  Wasn't that complicated actually, and I know
they work `coz I drove it here myself.  Hand controls are as easy as foot
controls when you get the hang of it.  I'll give you driving lessons
myself, dude, and you'll be a driver in no time.  Then you'll be able to
drive yourself to your Friday meeting with Randy ... if you're not too
scared to face him and his questions all alone," he added with his crooked
urchin grin at Randy.

As the guys realized what Pablo had done a great cheer went up and everyone
crowded round him with hugs and congratulations.  He was the hero of the
hour.  But suddenly they were silenced by a gruff voice.

"Now wait just a goddam minute, here.  Seems to me, boy, you're trying to
slide out of that punishment session I promised you a week ago.  You
thought I'd forgotten.  Now get that cute ass of yours upstairs to my room,
take off those dungarees and wait for me on the bed.  I might even ask my
friend Bob to help me with your punishment.  You up for that, buddy?"

"Absolutely," Bob grinned, "provided I get equal time on his ass."

"So what are you still doing here, kid?" Randy growled.  "Scram!"

"Aye, aye, sir," Pablo beamed and ran through the gate, his ass twitching
with the thought of getting fucked by two of the most beautiful men in the
world.

And so Pablo got his `punishment' and Brandon got his car.  Later that
evening Pablo drove Brandon home up the hill to his apartment in Brandon's
truck – giving him his first 3-minute driving lesson.  When they stopped
Pablo said nervously, "Listen, kiddo, all that stuff earlier.  I'm sorry I
was such an asshole and ..."

"Forget it, Pablo.  I have.  And I think I understand you now.  You really
are the boss's boy, aren't you?"

Pablo grinned sheepishly. "I like to think so."

"I know you do," Brandon smiled.  "And so do I.  I love you Pablo."  He
kissed him on the cheek, then unfolded his wheelchair, eased himself into
it and wheeled himself to his door.  Pablo watched him with a surge of
tenderness of a kind he had never felt before.  And as he drove back down
the hill he realized he was feeling a different kind of love that he had
never felt before either.


Brandon climbed into bed, put his glasses on the night table and lay back
on the pillows.  But sleep was slow in coming.  His mind was crammed with
recollections of the past week ... of the fun sex he had had with his two
new boyfriends Eddie and Ben ... of waking up beside Mario and the talk
they had had over coffee ... of Pablo and his clumsiness in the gym,
followed by his generosity in giving him the biggest present he had ever
had.

Mario had told him they weren't going to have sex, but even so he was dying
to spend more time with him.  There was something about his quiet maturity,
his elegance and good taste that was new and intriguing to Brandon.  Then
there was Jamie.  Working so close to him how long could he keep his hands
off the hot young surfer?  Every day Jamie waited for Mark to come home and
fuck him ... must look incredible ... he'd like to be a fly on the wall of
that room ...

It was all too much to take in and everything was going so fast it made him
nervous that it would all disappear just as fast, like a dream after you
wake up.  Perhaps Bob had been right when he suggested that he go to see
the therapist who was Randy's brother.  Steve was his name, wasn't it?
Maybe he could help him sort everything out.

"Maybe ... maybe ... his mind wandered, but before he could come up with
any answers Brandon was fast asleep.

	"How y'gonna get home?"
	"Don't worry about me Pat" Mike got out, leaving his brother behind
the wheel.  Their dad was always strict not to let anyone but Mike have the
car "just tell dad I had... um shopping to do."
	"Don't I owe you money for the brat's present?"
	"Yeah you'll owe me" and Mike headed off for the mall.  He went in
the front door and wasted little time finding the back entrance, hoping Pat
was long gone by then.  He thought about calling Tommy for a lift to school
but knew it would only bring up too many questions Mike was not about to
answer at that point.  Like he even knew himself.  And with the remote
possibility things might get "interesting" Mike could not imagine
explaining it to Tommy.  And involving him?  No way Mike could imagine
getting those two antigonistic areas of his life to mesh.  At least not
until he sorted this out first.
	Luckily he caught a bus taking him within a half-mile of his school
so he was warmed up but barely sweating by the time he got to the side
entrance, the dropping temperature already causing Mike to jump inside
before he caught a chill.  He did not have time to scope out the parking
lot to see who might be there, to give him some idea what this was about.
All he knew is he got the message to be at school by seven.  Or else.  Well
it did not say that explicitly.  It just said: not good idea to circumvent.
Which to Mike meant the same thing, knowing Kruisay.
	His voice echoed in the hallways without answer so he went into the
locker room, lit but empty.  He checked a few lockers and started finding
several with clothes in them, none he recognized.  He shed his outer coat
in one vacant locker next to one filled with clothes then went into the
main gym area but that also was lit and empty.  Finally he tried the
wrestling room, and it was the same.  But in there he began to hear voices
so he double-backed to the locker area then went through the door to the
weight room and that's when he heard,
	"You think he will show?"
	"If not that brother of his is in the can.  And if not him then –"
	"What about..." a name Mike could not understand.
	"He is already out there" and then Mike recognized that voice.
Damn, Tanaka was in on this!  That could only be bad.  Mike grabbed one of
the doors holding on til his knuckles cramped, sorting his thoughts.  Why
the hell was he here?  Really?  Well, there was the veiled threat of the
note, but that by itself did not explain why he lied to his parents, even
Pat, to get his butt over here in record time.  But why?
	Mike realized after what happened with his brothers and Kruisay in
the basement, something is his brain got re-wired when it short-circuited.
Because up to that point Mike saw his body as something like a project,
something to work on and see where it would lead, just how far it could be
pushed out til he found his genetic limits.  And when he saw it respond to
all the effort and exercise he knew he found something he could be good at.
And there were not a lot of things he was good at.  Yeah, he considered
himself a good athlete and a good brother and good son, et cetera et cetera
et cetera.  But was that really REALLY enough?  Because there was always
something missing, something exciting and over-the-top, and unexpected
and... yeah that was it!  He was craving the excitement of the daring,
major head-bending eye-bulging excitement beyond his abilities.  So when
all the shit after school started happening, Mike rolled with it.  Yeah, he
bitched and moaned and acted shocked and repulsed but deep down it
was... exciting!  Even dangerous!  And when the impossible happened, when
Kruisay all but invaded his quiet boring home that fateful Saturday and not
only that but actually got him and his brothers involved in
something... exciting! and dangerous! well Mike started to get a whiff of
what he had been missing.  It wasn't so much the sex – although that was
hot in a sick impossible way – it was doing something nobody else could
pull off, nobody else was privy to, that made it unique.  And dangerous!
Like standing here in this semi-dark locker room enjoying the feeling of
his dick getting hard.  It was kinky and dangerous and most of all it
was... daring!  And exciting!
	So after adjusting himself and keeping his fingers crossed, Mike
went through the doors and followed the voices.  It took maybe ten steps
before he saw them huddled half out of the spotlight focused on the free
weights arranged in the middle of the large room.  He froze in his tracks
when he saw,
	"Hello dickhead" standing there looking as menacing as ever was
Mike's all-but-open enemy and rival, Walter "Wall O" Wilson, all two
hundred plus pounds of him, but shirtless?  Mike always marveled how this
dude managed to keep himself tanned year round, exactly as all that bared
flesh displayed.  Like this guy expected to get his big ego in front of the
camera at a moment's notice.  And the way he kept that dark Mohawk the same
length and his permanent five-o-clock shadow looking like he never shaved
or always shaved or both.  But judging by the way his tanned hairless
muscles were bulging Mike guessed he was fresh from several reps.  Maybe he
lived in here?
	"Hello Wall-O" Mike realized he was spotted by the whole group, so
he looked at Tanaka, seeing his regular poker-face stare "you sent the
message not Kruisay huh?"
	"What message?" Tanaka shrugged those thick shoulders "I sent no
message."
	"See right here" and Mike pulled out his phone, showing him what
was there "you saying you didn't – "
	"I did" and coming through the opposite door was of course the
expected Kruisay, no surprise to Mike "because there was someone I desired
for you to meet" holding open the door for someone Mike had never seen
before.  Because if he had, there was no way he would have forgotten this
dude.  The way the door silhouetted his wide frame, almost making Kruisay
look small, if that was possible "who will provide invaluable assistance
and elucidation.  Well perhaps let him explain; this is... hmm, well his
name is..."
	"Mo" the mack truck shoulders came through the door rubbing both
jams at once "just Mo.  Got it?  We clear?"
	"Man..." Mike could not keep from staring.  The guy must have been
pushing at least two seventy pounds of solid black muscle hand packed into
his custom sports jacket and dress slacks.  Mike was waiting for the guy to
take a breath and start ripping seams.
	"And he is here for – "
	"Talent scout for um... Indoor Football League and – "
	"You mean like the Titans?" Walt was already trying to suck up to
this guy?
	"We're wrestlers" Mike blurted out expecting Wilson to back him up
"why the hell you – "
	"And..." Mo looked at Kruisay "your other... stuff..." with a look
of cornered contempt.
	"What other..." Mike saw the almost concern on Tanaka's face and
mumbled "oh shit."
	"And as soon as" Kruisay went through the room to the lockerroom
door "yes I believe he's here now.  I will return momentarily."
	Wilson and Mike to a much lesser extent, peppered Mo with questions
about what he was doing there and more importantly, why they were there.
They were just getting Mo to start talking about some kind of statewide
talent recruiting tour when they turned as Kruisay rejoined the half-lit
group.  And with him was that transfer student at Central they had heard
rumors about.
	"You all know Mister Perez I believe?"
	"Holy shit" Mike had heard the rumors about this dude the Central
football team had recruited or something.  But the way this dude was
filling out his dress-shirt all but put him in the same league with that
"Mo" dude and made Walt and himelf come off like a couple of puny runts.
And the last thing Mike needed at this point was standing within swinging
range of a humiliated Wilson.  Mike could almost see his anger rising.
	"What's all this?  You assembling us all here tonight to what?
Give us some lecture on like steroids?" Walt was getting riled and flushed
right on cue.
	"Knock it off" Mike whispered to him "these guys don't – "
	"So what is it?  I had a hot date tonight with – "
	"Rather than spending money on..." Kruisay kept shooting nervous
looks at that Mo dude "youthful unprofitable entertainment... you are here
instead to earn money."
	"Hey I already... I mean..." Paco looked at the other guys his age.
This young blond guy looked oddly familiar, almost similar to those O'Toole
guys he just had those "experiences" with.  And his dick was still sore
remembering that warehouse.  But he had hoped after that night he was now
home free, all his worries about scholarships and the threats of
deportation long behind him "I mean I thought I did everything to..."
	"You did what?" Mike had that stomach-twisting feeling the big
mahagony-bronzed teen body builder already had been forced to do some
rather nasty things.  Probably nothing similar to his naked wrestling
matches after school – and definintely nothing even remotely like what
he and his brothers had to do with – and yet here was Tanaka and Kruisay
both and that could only mean big trouble.
	"Nothin – I mean... Coach?" Paco looked at Tanaka.  From that
one glance Mike suspected Tanaka had some activities going on at other high
schools.  And Kruisay was probably stirring up shit all over town.  But
this Mo guy?  Where did he fit in?
	"I'm here just to..." Mo glared at Kruisay "I'm just here to
observe only remember?  Just here to check out the talent remember?" but
the way his high forehead was starting to sweat did not bode well for the
three teenagers.
	"Tonight" Kruisay picked up and amplified Mo's nervousness and
nodded at Tanaka.  The three watched with different levels of fear and
anger as he wheeled a large camcorder into the suddenly crowded room "we
offer you a chance to – "
	"No way no how not happening!" Wilson was already pulling his
t-shirt over his shiny muscles "enough with those damn things, I ain't –
"
	"What you done already with those...?" Mike nodded at Tanaka's
camera "not like afterschool – "
	"Shut your mouth O'Toole!  Or I'll shut it for – "
	"O'Toole?" Paco gulped, his suspicions confirmed "your name
O'Toole?"
	"Yeah, what about it?" Mike could not imagine a dotted line
connecting him and this dude so who?  Sure as his balls were tightening not
someone in his family "you know me?"
	"No" Paco lied "I just heard... um... this wrestler from West
and..."
	"What about me?"
	"He heard" Kruisay cut in much too fast "about a wrestler with the
possible talent to go All-State, isn't that right?"
	"Um er yeah..." but Mike knew they were all lying.  So really how
did he know him?  Mike started pouring sweat with the possibility some of
his "after-school" activities – or worse their recordings – were
starting to make the rounds.  He would have to take Junior Mister Universe
aside sooner not later and pump him with questions.  Because looking at
this assembled group it had to be bad.  Except for that Mo guy who did not
seem to fit in.  And that is what he hoped Wilson was banking on as well.
	"Okay I don't know what you" Walt glared at Tanaka "had in mind
bringing us here" turning to Mo "but I ain't doing no more sex shit, got
it?" realizing his slip too late.  Well slip or not he expected that
obviously uber-straight no-nonsense talent scout to put a stop to anything
long before it got kinky.
	"What?"
	"Hey!  What you say?" and various combinations bouncing around the
room.
	"All this sex stuff's gone far enough" Walt started heading for the
door, his damning admission dragging behind "making dudes do that shit with
other dudes" expecting Mo to start screaming bloody murder.  When he didn't
Walt just kept blowing "and filming it and blackmailing them like all we
are is a bunch of little sick flunkies for you to jerk around!  Well count
me out!" and he was through the door, hoping his life had finally turned
the corner and he could go back to being a normal red-blooded hetero bully
alpha dog bar brawler.  As Mike expected, Kruisay would tear after him in a
flash.  Mike took the opportunity to collar the teen body builder.
	"First off" Mike turned his back so that Mo guy could not read his
lips, Mike was now that paranoid "first off dude, you know you'll like too
big for even football right?"
	"No shit."
	"So the football thing, that's just scholarship stuff, right?"
	"Yeah and – "
	"So you gonna compete?  Cause man you are definitely hot – I
mean bulked enough to like at least compete at the State level, right?  Are
you like the future Mister Iowa or what?  Cause man you are like that
huge!"
	"Thanks" Paco was eating up the flattery, just as Mike was
gambling.  Because Mike knew he found any adulation super addictive and
only hoped this Paco guy did too.  Looking like that, how could he not?
	"So... um..." Mike looked around the room seeing that Mo guy
folding his bulk into a tiny folding chair checking the time "you really
don't know me, do you?  That was bull from Kruisay before, right?"
	"Look... Mike, right?" Paco chewed his finger "not a good idea to
explain that, okay?  Lemme say I just know the name from..."
	"If not me, who?" Mike wished he had some of Pat's esp abilities
right about now "okay time to level, don't know how much time we got"
glancing back at the door expecting a runaway Wilson to come barreling
through any second with Kruisay hot on his heels "but you heard Wall-O –
I mean Wilson before, right?"
	"Uh... yeah."
	"You heard him get all ballistic before about all the..." Mike made
sure Paco saw his eyes go up and down his front "all the y'know, sex shit's
been going on around town.  You know anything about – "
	"Fuck no!" like Paco could admit to anything.  Too much was at
stake now.
	"Did Kruisay make you do sex stuff with – "
	"What do I look like?" Paco swelled up to twice his already
formidable size "I look like somebody who..."
	"Nobody `looks' like nobody who would..." Mike gambled fast, one
eye on that door "who would have to stay after school okay?  And in front
of the coaches, have to get naked and..." their eyes locked "naked and get
hard or... let some other guy get them hard okay?  And then – "
	"You saying that's what you did?"
	"I'm saying, what I'm saying" Mike grabbed one of those sofa-sized
shoulders "saying is" surprised to feel that huge delt almost shaking under
his hot hand "all SORTS of guys – don't ask me how we get picked!  But
lots of guys all over school, and your school too now I guessing huh?  All
these guys are getting caught in some kind of weird impossible sex net and
I can only imagine what they threatening you with for this scholarship –
"
	"You mean I ain't getting the money?"
	"What they promise you with?"  Paco started to answer but Mike cut
to the punchline "and what they making you do to get it, huh?"
	"I don't talk about those things" Paco tried to bluff but knew
things were already slipping out of his iron grip.
	"Why the hell you think you're here, huh Paco?  Exactly ?"
	"I dunno!  I thought I was..."
	"Already finished?  Well if you ain't done the full monty for them
yet" rubbing his hand on that shoulder "and guessing what's under this
shirt I can only imagine that bod of yours and their cameras already – "
	"Maldito cabron!" which Mike heard as: busted "no not you, them!"
	"Get you naked... hard... with other dudes..." Mike felt the
muscles tense.
	"You?" Paco looked around the room expecting to see everything
crashing down around his ears "not you?  You really did – "
	"I ain't proud of what I did... already... but... yeah."
	"Naked with other guys?"
	"Naked, boned, cameras, shooting off, the whole nine yards."
	"But you ain't mama guevo" Paco did not need to piss off this
latest O'Toole "I mean..."
	"No I ain't gay if that's what you mean."
	"But you do sex?  With other guys?"
	"I do what I need to do" Mike lied "to keep my ass out of the
sling, to get what they're promising.  Like they're promising you all that
shit."
	"You already did... stuff?"
	"Yeah" Mike removed his hand "you didn't?"
	"I don't wanna talk about it" I can't tell you because dude, it's
your family I did shit with!
	"Well when and if the time comes" Mike turned as the door opened
and there was Kruisay "just roll with it okay?"
	"Roll with it?"
	"Follow my lead okay?"
	"But what if..." and just then there was big Wally Wilson again.
The sight of him holding his bundled-up shirt in his tight angry fist was
like a cannon blast through the room "oh..." was the sound of Paco seeing
his evening go sour fast.
	"Mister Wilson and I have come to a..." Kruisay was quick to note
Paco's sudden change of expression, his eyes bouncing from Paco to Mo to
Walt and back "solid understanding, is that not right Mister – "
	"You want these off too, huh?" unbuckling his belt.  Mike had never
seen him like this.  The great bruiser looking totally whipped, reduced to
Kruisay's submissive pawn?  Whatever happened in that locker room or
whatever he threatened him with, it had a devastating impact bringing the
big lug down so hard Mike could barely recognize the Wall-O.  When Kruisay
did not acknowledge his question, the lumbering hulk just dropped his pants
and would have yanked down his boxer-briefs as well had Kruisay not waved
his slightly shaking hand stopping him.  So big Wilson entered the floodlit
center of the room and leaned back against the padded horse, the knotted
muscles in his arms tight with the tension, his grip spread wide looking
like nothing so much as a giant slab of condemned man.  A large musclehead,
unshaven yet smooth-skinned, significantly tanned condemned man.  And
letting the bulge in his boxer-briefs just jut out not even trying to cover
it.
	"You have a better idea now, gentlemen" Kruisay picked up a manila
folder on the folding chair behind him and started rummaging through the
loose papers until he found one he was looking for.  As he did several 3 by
5 cards spilled out.  And if it wasn't that big Mo who scrambled to
retrieve them.  Like they contained incriminating information – against
him!  But somehow it all struck Mike as a bit of distraction for Tanaka
returning to the room wearing little more than a warm-up jacket over his
sweats, and lugging a large cooler which he put on the floor next to them.
Mike was too focused on what Tanaka was wearing and doing to register the
gulp of recognition from Paco behind him.
	"We have tonight requests... um rather... reasonable requests for
specific shots – specific photographic images – with specified... um
equipment tonight" but Tanaka was back at the camcorder hitting buttons.
And there was Mo reaching down into sombody's large duffle bag and
retrieving a very large very professional-looking still camera.  Well that
more or less explained who was the mystery person requesting those "special
photographic images" right?
	"Coach?  What's with the...?" Mike nodded at the rolling camcorder.
	"While you change out from any clothes which you do not wish
to... um, become soiled, I will return with..." Kruisay and Mo exchanged a
quick glance.
	"What?  Coach?" Mike looked at Wall-O "what did he SAY?" but those
big sweating shoulders just shrugged as he kept his arms at his side, his
eyes narrowed on Mo.
	"What should we do?" Paco looked to the younger smaller guy.
	"Damned if I know.  C'mon Wall-O, what's going on here?"
	"Do it you two!" Mo grunted, like it was too insignificant to
mention "we ain't got all night here" and that got Walt's butt off the
bench.  He lumbered over to that cooler and opened it, his big thick
muscles corded with tension.  He grabbed three of those ever-familiar
sports drinks, handing two to Paco.
	"Don't I get one?" Mike growled at him.
	"Get it yourself, I ain't your..."
	"Fine" Mike reached inside and grabbed one.  He noticed that almost
all he could find were orange-flavored, so he grabbed one of the grape
ones.  As he was about to close the lid, he noticed a small slip of wet
paper stuck to the side, looking like some kind of invoice.  He pocketed it
fast with Tanaka focused on that camcorder, and Paco and Mo now focused
on... well each other.  He was about to unscrew it when he heard,
	"Hey you!"
	"Huh me?" Mike turned to Mo.
	"Yeah you!"
	"What?" Mike was busted.  Apparently the big dude did see him slip
that paper into his pocket.  Mike felt sweat pouring down his back.
	"Not those.  Drink those orange ones!"
	"What?  Why?  They're all the same right?"
	"Just do it.  I don't wanna see you get your white ass in trouble"
he almost finished before Mike shrugged and replaced his grape-flavored
bottle and picked a orange instead.  As he did he noticed the other grape
bottles appeared to have some white sediment at the bottom of them.  He
examined his orange one but could not detect anything.  So the grape ones
were adulterated?  He dreaded to think what that might mean.  But that big
dude was making sure Mike did not drink those by mistake.  So whatever it
was spiked with, it was not meant for the guys?  Very odd, he thought and
took a big gulp.  It tasted fine so he was thinking this night might go off
without a hitch when Kruisay returned carrying what looked like a large
duffel bag.  He reached inside and pulled out three plastic-wrapped
packages.  He looked at Mike then Paco.
	"Did I not make myself clear?  You cannot wear your street clothes.
Tonight per our guest's request you are to wear these outfits provided
by..." hearing Mo clear his throat "instead" tossing a pack to Mike, then
handing one each to Paco and the already half-naked Walt.  Mike looked at
it, seeing a tan and black logo and graphic for a line of athletic wear he
did not recognize.  He ripped open the plastic expecting it to be some
ass-less or crotch-less thongs suitable for bachlorette parties but instead
it was a plain white set of a long-sleeved fitted top and full compression
leggings.  He looked at Walt whose set was red and Paco's gray, but
otherwise identical.  So much for something x-rated.  Porn-store material
these were not.  Mike shared a glance and a shrug with Paco and off came
his shirt.  He knew he looked good, all his hard wrestling muscles showing
in high relief, but he did not expect the look Paco gave him.
	"Light" Tanaka yelled "stand in the light.  Closer all of you.
Together now" until the three were almost tripping over each other elbow to
hip to butt.
	"Coach?" again Walt threatened and or indicated removing his boxer
briefs.
	"Yes Walter" Kruisay's strained voice came from somewhere in the
darkness "now."  Mike looked at Paco removing his shirt.
	"Wow, no wonder they roped you into this, wow" Mike's shirt was
already off and he was unbuckling his pants, trying and failing to stare as
Walt's underwear came down.  He looked at that thick hard butt, then at
Paco also ignoring the display of nakedness as Walt struggled to get his
foot into the first leg.  Mike was not going to help him for a list of
reasons, the first three being physical contact between the two had always
been no more than slugs and shoves.  And with Walt naked?  Mike knew that
would be completely nuts!  So Mike stripped down to his jockstrap – yeah
he was almost envisioning something like this when he got dressed to go out
– and besides he WAS a jock, right?  He watched as Paco offered to
steady Walt off-balance and struggling into the other leg.  The physical
contact between them was natural and without the dangerous edginess that
was inevitable between him and Mike.  Walt struggled into the skin-tight
top as Mike used the distraction to get into his leggings, holding his
breath waiting for someone to comment on his jock.  But that never
happened.  Paco was still in his pants by the time both Walt and Mike were
pulling their tops down and tucking them into the waistbands.
	"Um... er... Coach Tanaka?" Paco held his leggings in one hand,
hesitating and sweating profusely.
	"Yes Mister Perez?"
	"Um... I um, I am not – I don't have... I mean I am not wearing
underwear.  Can I find I mean it is better if I have a jockstrap to – "
	"That is up to you... Paco, right?"
	"Yeah... but" he looked at Mike or rather his crotch "it would be
better if I was wearing something underneath this, y'know because..."
	"You make your decision" Kruisay's voice sounded flat, artificially
so.  Mike knew that tone or something close to it.  It was the same one he
used to seduce his baby brother, making it seem like it was all voluntary,
all his idea, like Kruisay was not really manipulating him to do what he
wanted all along.
	Paco looked at Mike like it was his coin to flip.  That was when
Mike did something he could not explain.  Maybe it was to rub Walt's nose
in it, maybe something else.  He tugged those leggings back down with a
great deal of struggle, finally getting them past his powerful thighs and
calves, showing everything to the camcorder in the process.  When they were
a pile on the floor he grabbed the waistband to his jock and yanked that
down next.  Standing there naked he handed it to Paco,
	"Not your size but..." watching Paco's eyes traveling up and down
his body.
	"Wow."
	"What?" Mike looked down at himself.  Yep, he was naked from the
waist down.  Yep, he was perhaps flushing a bit for the camera.  And that
new guy.  And yep, something about standing naked in front of this Paco guy
was his way of saying: you're the muscle stud but I got the balls "hey I
ain't all hulking Mister Olympus like you but I try to keep in shape okay?"
all but pushing the damn jock into his hand.  It was clean but damp with
his sweat when the kinkiness of it hit Mike.  You don't go around offering
your used jock to a stranger unless you...
	"Now I feel stupid" Paco looked at the camcorder.
	"Damn if anybody needed a jock – " Mike tried not to stare at
what his jock would fail to contain.  Mike just thought he was pointing out
the obvious.
	"I mean you both naked.  That would be stupid I'm the only one
wearing..." already out of his pants.  His big dick and floppy balls were
center stage, dwarfing everything around them.  And unlike Walt or even
Mike to a lesser degree, Paco faced the camera headon as he struggled into
Mike's damp jock and then his tight compression leggings "you have a... I
mean these are really tight" seeing how every muscle was on display, the
fabric little more than the faintest cover over the jock, its straps and
pouch seriously outlined through the tissue-thin fabric.  Everyone could
see how each muscle was clearly defined, looking like gray spray paint on
those ripped vascular hard-muscled legs.
	"One size fits all" from Mo finally speaking up.  But this time
they all heard the distinct rapid-fire clicks from that huge-lensed camera.
He was taking pics of them not even fully dressed yet!  But his expression
was anything but excited to be doing this.  The guy had "chore" written all
over his face.
	"Now what are we..." Mike wished Paco had not started so soon.  But
he had to admit those hyperdeveloped muscles were all but designed for that
outfit.  How the seams in the crotch all but forced his package forward.
How the shoulder material seemed to make his chest stand out.  And what it
did to those glute muscles was almost architectural looking.  Mike looked
down at himself as he struggled back into his leggings hoping he looked
half as good, then at Walt and was glad his junk was again covered.  He
knew he looked good – hell he put in too many hours to make sure he
looked good – but had to admit nowhere near the same league as this
present company.
	"Now you..." Mike heard Tanaka hesitate, then a quick muffled
exchange with the others "yes... yes... you mentioned..." and then more
heated discussions bordering on arguing "by why?  We agreed..." and Tanaka
of all people joined them in the bright ring.
	"I do not expect to see surprise reaction" Tanaka looked at Walt as
his team jacket came off "from either of you" and he stepped out of his
sweats.  Again Mike saw that compact nearly naked hairless body stuffing
into a very small singlet.  It was pulled up so high they could see his
pubes were freshly shaved as well, the stretched material making that
fat-headed cock look even more menacing.  He bent down giving Paco of all
people a view of his smooth crack.
	"Dude... man..." trying to alert him to the fact his butt-plug was
visible beneath the tight skinny strap.  Paco could not believe this guy –
a regular high school coach at that – was so casual about being all but
naked and plugged not only in front of them, but with these cameras going
as well!  He gave a shocked glance at Mike but he was looking very
uncomfortable also.  For the same reason?
	"There is this" Tanaka pulled a rubber ring from his jacket pocket
and pulled his other ball and then cock free of the front.  He began to
struggle with the cockring, first encircling his dark brown balls "I must
hurry before..." and then his cock was inched through the ring next.  When
he had it encircling his goods he did a lousy job of stuffing everything
back into that singlet.  He widened his stance and lowered himself a foot
or two.  He crunched his eyes closed as it began to have the desired effect
"ah... yes..." and his cock by itself went from being stuffed to the side
to lift and thicken, lengthening until the purple head was jutting free,an
angry shade of maroon contrasting with the white of the singlet and the
bronze of his thigh "ever since you showed me the pleasurable effect of
this I have become almost dependent – "
	"You did what?" Walt tore his eyes off the sight of seeing his
coach half-naked and showing dick – something he had avoided to date in
spite of what it had cost him so far – to catch Mike's almost as red,
that blush descending down to his outfit and probably lower "you and Tanaka
did – "
	"Yes Michael as well as his – "
	"I GOTTA PISS!" Mike yelled and bolted from the room before Tanaka
could spill his horrible secrets.  As soon as he was out the room he
realized his mistake; they were probably out there now filling in all the
details from that Saturday park disaster.  But Mike quickly found his phone
in his coat where he left it in his locker and – not too surprised –
got a signal.  He tried a quick search for that brand of athletic gear he
was now wearing but found... nothing!  Several different spellings and
alternate searches even trying the logo but still not a damn thing came up.
What was worse was when he tried a fifth different spelling it brought up a
porn site!  Mike felt the cold sweat tickling his back and butt knowing all
of this was seriously bogus.  And it was going to get much much worse
really fast!  Somehow he had to alert that muscle stud and – yeah maybe
Walt as well.  Even though he suspected that big bonehead had done some
sick shit already.  Mike had mixed feeling about saving his evil butt but
that athletic black kid his age was worth saving.  Hell just looking at
him, Mike could see he had a huge career ahead of him; he could not afford
to have naked pics come to light just as he was about to go national!  Mike
realized too much time had slipped away so he splashed some water on his
crotch like a sloppy piss, threw that crumpled invoice into his coat pocket
almost as an afterthought, and squaring his shoulders rejoined the group.
	He almost expected them to be naked and fucking by the time he
rejoined the group but instead there was Tanaka struggling to pull up
another pair – also white – of the tight leggings over his obscenely
stretched singlet.  Even before he took his spot under the lights he could
make out Tanaka's straining hardon clearly outlined through the thin
material.  Apparently he had not removed that cockring and Mike was not
stupid enough not see he had put it on just for this reason.
	"Hope you shook that puny dick cause we don't want... well these
outfits cost big dough..." Mo sneered, barely glancing at Mike's crotch.
He was about to say something else but they heard Kruisay in the shadows
order them to continue.  That was when Mo brought that huge hand-held
camera almost close enough for Mike to smell Mo's aftershave.  He could
only imagine the close-ups of various body parts it was collecting.
	First Kruisay had the three guys stand side by side facing the
camcorder, then with Mo crouching down at waist level they put their arms
around each other's shoulders.  Then Tanaka – or rather his protruding
crotch – forced his way between Mike and Walt's hips, in spite of Walt's
jostling.  Mike could hear Mo trying to deal with Tanaka's posing, even
debating with Kruisay when Tanaka stepped out of frame as his display grew
more blatant.  And when Mo handed Tanaka one of the sports drinks, yeah a
purple one Mike noted, Tanaka's tights just got damper and damper until
even his dark nipples were plainly visible through the semi-transparent
singlet.  And yet Walt pretended he was oblivious to all of this, just
going along with the program as more and more of the shots were just him
and Mike, his big red frame against Mike's compact white body.  Acting like
this was little more than a Saturday ad for a local sporting goods store.
And that made Mike begin to pick up on Kruisay's strangely ambivalent
nervousness.  Once or twice Mike glanced down at himself, seeing his own
outfit start to dampen with his sweat, become almost as transparent as
Tanaka's.  But in the darkness he heard Kruisay's continuing comments about
"cropping" and "airbrushing" with Mo.  So this Mo character was not here
for x-rated pics?  Because as Mike's time in front of the camera lessened
and Walt and Paco became center stage, he began to pick up the conflict
developing between Kruisay and the Mo dude.  They were not on the same page
about where this was heading, in spite of Tanaka continuing to push it
farther in x-rated territory
	"Damn hot in here" Mo grunted, putting down the camera.  Then it
was Kruisay's turn to pull several bottles from the cooler and pass them to
the guys.  When they were relaxing and catching their breaths, there was Mo
also sucking down one of the purple ones.  Mike's alarm-meter went up
several notches.  When he felt his body just explode in sweat it went up
several more.  After all he had not been doing anything more strenuous than
standing next to Wall-O and it was not even that warm in the room when he
heard "okay now all you guys turn and face away from me" which they did,
tossing the bottles into a large bin with mixed success "okay now lean
forward..." hearing him repeat Kruisay's suggestion "and damn... okay
um... grab your knees... um lower" and Mike's meter went into the red.
Because now he could feel more than see the thin material showing off his
ass muscles – hell all of their ass muscles – as clear as day.  He
could not imagine a clearer invitation for some butt-fucking here and now!
	"This is not... something's kinda..." Paco had the least to hide,
with those firm hard striated glutes straining with his effort to reach
further down.  Mike could see out of the corner of his eye Paco was too
muscle-bound to attempt anything as limber as this.  But oddly enough Walt
almost had his palms on the floor.  Mike, not to be outdone, did the same,
even flexing his ass in the process, expecting to hear seams ripping.  But
to his surprise this high-tech material was holding up.  Maybe there really
was such a company?
	"Fuck, the muscles on this kid" Mike heard Mo grunting behind their
butt display, the three lined up and straining with their attempts to stay
bent forward.  The camera fired off several shots, most of them
concentrating on Paco's ass with enough to remind Walt and Mike they were
also caught displaying their tight glutes under those bright lights.  Mike
was the first to hear mumbling between Kruisay and Mo as Paco and a
re-hydrated Tanaka took center stage, the two of the starting to do
wrestling grips and staged grappling moves, growing more and suggestive as
first Tanaka and then Paco almost in defense, started grabbing each other
lower and lower until they both had hands in each other's crotches.  Mike
and Walt were edging away from that and then Mike heard something even
worse, the unmistakeable rustling as clothes were coming off.  When he
turned his head slightly, he could see Mo had put the camera down and his
sport coat and dress shirt was piled on the floor.  His white t-shirt had
dark damp spots everywhere.  But damn was the dude huge! "damn that's
better.  Okay you two keep it clean.  Let's see if the..."
	"Tanaka over here" Kruisay called him away from the action.
	"Now the original three again" Mo retrieved the camera "face me,
hands over your head and lean back."
	"I don't think I should... um right now... um Coach" Paco was no
longer half-kneeling, but still crouching forward.
	"Problem Mister Perez?" from Kruisay in the darkness behind them.
	"I need... um a break right now..." Paco dared not look at the
other two.
	"It's cool" Mike could feel the same problem beginning in his
crotch.  Except he had no jock to keep it in place "it's the drink they
made us ... just let it happen" Mike straightened up and turned around.
The wet transparent cloth outlined and highlighted his hardon perfectly
"follow my lead, remember?"
	"But... I mean..." Paco straightened up but only turned enough to
see the long tube half-way across Mike's thigh "damn not you too?"
	"Look this is your idea" Mo growled at Kruisay behind him "I just
needed to – "
	"Turn around now Mister Perez" from Kruisay.
	"Hey maybe it will tell them to knock this shit off" but Walt was
staying bent over.
	"Your coach wants you to show dick, kid" from Mo, no longer
bothering to be coy "damn like you got anything to be ashamed of" catching
one or two shots of Paco in profile, something scary big jutting out across
his thigh.
	"Damn..." and they both could see it was Walt's turn, his eyes on
Paco's dick as his own just grew and grew and grew, the red fabric only
making it look like a stained and stretched sausage pointing all the way up
to and past his waistband.
	"Remove your top Walter" from the darkness.  Unmistakeably Tanaka
this time.
	"C'mon Coach!  You know if I do – "
	"Walter...?" there was Kruisay's flat tone again, like: it's your
own idea and don't make me repeat myself.
	"Damn..." Walt tugged the top free of the waistband as he
straightened up and turned, a serious struggle with the tight material all
but glued to his torso as he displayed his smooth hard muscle belly to Mo's
lens.  And two inches of bright red cock head in the process, so taut and
fat it looked shiny.  He tugged his shirt free of one arm then the other
then over his head and Walt tossed it onto Mo's pile, daring him to say a
word.
	"Okay squeeze in" Tanaka barked, materializing behind Mo, so close
his crotch was almost rubbing against those huge shoulders.  Once he had
their attention he waved Walt closer.  Mike could see Walt's total
predicament.  His eyes could not stay off Paco's hard; neither could he
prevent Mike seeing the effect it was having on his own cock, the damn
material hiding nothing.  And now with half his cock sticking free Walt
dreaded how Mike was just eating it up like he had all the ammunition he
needed and was just itching to make his life miserable with this
revelation.  Because he had enough to bust Walt's chops for good!  But even
Mike's bone did not diminish Walt's total humiliation.  Walt could almost
see Mike mouthing the words: Wall-O goes for black dick! And now the
trapped Walt had to actual get within touching distance of both that tube
and his sworn enemy as well, well Walt was visibly shaking with rage and
despair both.  He just knew the worst was to come, then he heard,
	"Closer" from Tanaka hovering over Mo on one knee in front of the
group, his white boxers stretching so tight over his thighs Mike thought he
saw pubes showing through the gap in the fly.
	"Tanaka go over there, press them together.  You!" pointing at Mike
"lower you hands now put your hand – no the other hand – on Paco's
hip.  And you" nodding at Walt "you too, lower'm and your hand... grab his
other hip" as Tanaka in his see-through outfit joined the group
center-stage following Kruisay's nod.  He squeezed behind Paco, his hands
on the two outer guys pushing them together until they were all but glued
at the hips.
	"Coach...?" Walt tried to find Kruisay in the darkness "Coach if I
do it's... uh it's gonna look like..."
	"His hip!  Not his dick!" Mo watched as Mike's hand landed within
several inches of Paco's crotch.  Luckily for him Paco's cock was angled
the other way, towards Walt's side.  So when Walt's hand finally found
itself on Paco's hip, it was maybe a fingers-width from the thick
uncircumsized head "man never knew a musclehead so eager to grab black
cock!"
	Paco stood there frozen, his eyes closed, still holding his arms
up, feeling two hands on his thighs all but touching his growing problem.
And whatever they put in that sports drink was keeping his cock so hard it
was almost painful.  He feared he was actually leaking pre-cum but his jock
– Mike's jock, he reminded himself – was already so soaked with sweat
he could not tell.  But the way his cock was stretching out the side of the
jock he just knew they could see all the stains.  But those hands!  Damn,
he never thought two dudes' hands could make his cock throb like that even
though they weren't like actually jerking him.  But when he felt a hard
dick – damn Tanaka! – pressing into his sweaty crack a part of his
brain almost wanted this over with, even if it meant something like the
previous night.  Just thinking about that caused his cock to flex and
swell.  He heard the rapid clicks from the camera, like it was that
trembling hand causing that reaction.
	The foursome stood like that for what seemed hours, their outfits
completely drenched with sweat.  Paco almost thought his would turn orange
with all the sports drink pouring out of him and then he felt a set of
hands reaching around his waist and slowly tugging his shirt free.  He
tried to protest but first Kruisay and then even Mo's voice ordered him to
keep those thick bulging arms upright.  As he raised them up Tanaka's hands
inched the clinging taut material up, first exposing those bundled abs
shiny with sweat to the rapid-fire clicks.  But that evil Tanaka did not
stop there but continued to tug his top past his thick pecs then up to his
chin and finally up and covering his face.  He hated to admit he enjoyed
the cooling on his sweaty upper body, even if it meant he was again
half-naked and damn was that really Mo now grunting and panting with the
exertion of getting shot after shot of his shiny hard muscles.  Paco was
allowed to slowly lower his arms but not before Tanaka's hands again were
around him, this time coming to rest on his big pecs.  When they found his
nipples Paco knew he was sunk.
	"Don't please no please stop" Paco tried to pull away "c'mon this
is..." feeling those hands leave his nipples now hard and sensitive and
travel south until they were knocking at the door of his waistband.  But
instead of closing in on his straining cock, they left his shaking abs and
went around the waists of Mike and Walt instead, but landing not on their
crotches as they both braced for it.  Tanaka tilted his head past Mike's
shoulder to get a glimpse of Kruisay's silhouette in the darkness, and when
he saw the slight nod, his hands landed on those two hands frozen at Paco's
hips.
	"Very good very good.  That is all coming together even better than
I hoped" Kruisay was almost purring from his chair.  But instead of more
suggestive orders they heard the squeak of his chair on the floor, then the
sound of rustling material.  He came forward out of the shadows, his shirt
already over his head.  Then it was his t-shirt also landing on that
growing pile on the floor "our sponsors cannot be nothing but completely
pleased with how well you displayed his...  their products, is that right?"
	"Yeah I got enough I got what I needed" Mo put down the camera
"we're good" seeing Kruisay's actions "I'm done here, this is now your show
so – "
	"C'mon man, this is getting really raunchy now" still Paco tried to
disengage himself from all the contact and attention zeroing in on his
prominently displayed hardon "can we like cool off a bit?  Mo said he's
done so a break or – "
	"Continue" and it was Kruisay nodding at Tanaka.  As soon as he did
Tanaka grabbed both Mike's and Walt's hands and placed them firmly on top
of Paco's straining hardon!
	"Hey!"
	"No!"
	"Stop!" and various combinations as they all tried to pull apart
and yank away from Tanaka's grip at least.  They were all too busy twisting
and jumping away to notice that Kruisay was stepping out of his pants and
then his underwear also was on that pile.  He stood naked and aroused, his
blond hair darkened and matted as he grabbed another purple sports drink,
setting one down next to Mo all but pushing it into his hand.  He stood
there naked and fierce just waiting for their eyes to register what he had
done, and their brains to register the impliction.
	"Dude!"
	"Coach!" Mike had seen this once before and knew when Kruisay got
naked, it could only mean one thing: the real sex shit was starting!
	"Mister O'Toole, I do not understand why you are suddenly so
squeamish about touching other men's – "
	"C'mon Coach!  We don't have to – "
	"Coach Tanaka especially.  After you and your brothers – "
	"Stop!  We agreed – "
	"Your BROTHERS?!?!" Walt was totally shocked and a bit triumphant
"you and Tanaka – "
	"Stop enough!" Mike bolted away from the group and was charging at
his naked coach when Kruisay dropped his bottle and lunged at him as well.
It was not by accident the two collided right where Mo and his sweaty
boxers were hunched down.  Walt got out the way in time but Paco slid on
the slippery matting and fell backwards, Kruisay almost landing on top of
him.  He got his leg pinned beneath Kruisay's naked hip before Walt tugged
him free as Mike rolled Kruisay even further into the brightly lit center.
They rolled and grabbed and tried to exchange blows but Kruisay was always
too fast and too smart for Mike, spending more effort keeping him off
balance.  With enough skill to spare grabbing him in the crotch or rubbing
something against Mike's bone to keep him distracted and aroused enough not
to do any damage.  Everyone – except Mike of course – could see
Kruisay was only toying with him, some weird cat-and-mouse display for Mo
and the group, the stationary camcorder half forgotten but making a
contented humming sound.  When Kruisay got Mike on his back and his knees
bent almost into his face they could see where Kruisay was going with this.
	"Do it!" Walt yelled, coming in closer to see if Kruisay was hard
enough "do it!  Fuck him Coach!  Fuck the little – " and Kruisay
released the hold and leapt to his feet.
	"Fuck him?  Is that what you – "
	"I mean – "
	"Is that what you came here for tonight?  Is it Mister Wilson?"
	"No I mean NO I mean..."
	"You need assistance?" Kruisay wheeled around to help Mike to his
feet, fast and agile like he was almost showing off for Mo.
	"Fuck you I don't need..." Mike struggled to his feet, winded,
sweaty, out of breath, beet red and
	"Damn Tool!" Walt's eagle eyes zoomed in "man you splooge your
pants?" because with all of the sweat and stains and everything soaking
Mike's front, there was a patch of something thicker and whiter right where
his cockhead was pressing out the see-through fabric.  Mike looked down
automatically.
	"What did you say?  Just now?" Kruisay saw the stain as well but
now the crux of the evening was upon them "Mike what did – "
	"Nothing sorry Coach" because cumming in your brand-new display
outfit was bad, but swearing at your Coach – especially the F-bomb –
was grounds for...
	"Say what you said again Mister O'Toole."
	"Sorry Coach, I don't wanna be suspended okay?"
	"No suspensions" looking down at his own naked body "look around
the room.  Seriously now.  But repeat what you said."
	"Sorry I just said I didn't need you helping me up but – "
trying to either rub the stain off or cover it with his hand.  Either way
just drawing more close-ups from that shorts-clad hulk again maneuvering
that camera.
	"Unless you want me to finish what almost happened" pointing at the
mats still shiny with their sweat and more?
	"Wall-O was wanting" barely nodding at Walt "to see you
actually..."
	"Say it!"
	"Okay, egging you on to... fuck me okay?  I got mad okay?"
	"Mad?" Walt laughed "damn you came in your – "
	"Fuck you Wilson" realizing his mistake "sorry Coach."
	"Did you say those same words to me?  Too?"
	"Sorry I – "
	"Say it."
	"Sorry I said, fuck you... I didn't mean it I was pissed okay?
First attacking me then trying to help – "
	"Finally!" Kruisay looked at Mo who was throwing another memory
clip into his beloved camera.
	"Well they said it.  Not like I – "
	"Just an expression okay?" Walt knew Mike was in big trouble now.
And so was he equally thrown into this degenerating mix.  He turned to
Paco, who was catching his breath, prolonging every moment out of the
spotlight "well say something."
	"Maybe I should leave" Paco looked around for the outfit top then
realized it was within grabbing distance of that Mo character.  Paco knew
if came within arms reach of that tank something bad would happen.
	"You're stayin.  You're too big to leave" and if Mo was not looking
right at Paco's barely dwindling crotch tube.  And that just confirmed
Paco's aversion to that mysterious anomaly crouching there on his knees.
	"That is what you want, is it not?" Kruisay looked at Mike then the
others.  Even Mo "to fuck someone here tonight?"
	"Hell no!" Walt tried "I mean..."
	"You mean" Kruisay was in Walt's face in a millisecond "there is
nothing more this wants to do" blatantly grabbing and stroking his cock
before Walt could step away "than to fuck someone here tonight, correct?"
	"No I mean" again that hand on his dick convinced him he was lying
and Kruisay knew it.
	"Remember our little discussion – "
	"You don't gotta bring that up" looking around the room, feeling
Mike's eyes on him "not with these..."
	"Who?"
	"Who what?"
	"Who is it?  Who is it you would want to fuck tonight?  Say it
now!"
	"Damn c'mon Coach!" Walt was so on the spot now.
	"Say it!  Who?"
	"C'mon cut a guy some slack!  You don't expect me to actually –
"
	"Our discussion!"
	"Damnit okay..." like there would be any doubt.  He looked right at
Mike "okay?"
	"Me?  You think you could dare – "
	"Shit I already did your brother Pat!" and all hell broke loose.
Mike dove at him and would have ripped him apart or gotten killed in the
process but Kruisay and Tannaka – with help from Mo and even Paco –
pulled them apart until they got Mike to stop throwing punches.  At the
very least.  Or at least run out of steam or stop screaming every swear
word he could at Walt.  Walt however took a bit more persuading before he
stopped lunging and kicking.  Especially when Tanaka got behind him and got
him into some judo hold.
	"Mister Morrison?" Kruisay nodded at the camera lying on its side
on the floor.
	"Damnit!  No real names okay?" but now Mo was outed.  Mike did not
recognize the name.  But Paco thought it rang a bell enough he would go
home and do some researching.  And Walt was too busy behind held in place
by a much smaller but much more determined Coach Tanaka.  And when he got
Walt's arms securely pinned behind his broad back with one arm, it left one
hand free to wander down Walt's front enough for him to resume struggling.
The more he tried the more the hand moved south.  Walt dared not look at Mo
retrieving the camera now staring at his crotch.
	"So there is no confusion, Walter please tell Mister Perez here
what we had you and Michael's brother Pat that afternoon – "
	"I'll kill you Wilson!" but Kruisay silenced Mike with one gesture.
	"Look you guys I don't need to hear about..." Paco's fears were
coming true.  He looked at Mike and could see the resemblance.  Pat O'Toole
was the same guy; he was Mike's brother.  And like Pat had warned him
about, what was happening at his school was beginning to happen all over
this damn city.  Now he was fucked!  Just when he thought he had dodged one
obstacle, another bigger one was starting to replace it.  Would this never
end?  Was he really as trapped as he felt and they all looked?
	"No Mister Perez needs to hear this" Kruisay had Mike sit down on
the mat, a strong hand on his shoulder keeping him there.  When Kruisay
took a spot next to him Mike just about lost it "right now I imagine Paco
is very confused and very worried about his current dilemma.  About if
those rumors" nailing Paco in his benign gaze "he heard about what is
happening all over the city is true or not" seeing the shock of recognition
"if he dodged one obstacle to have it replaced – "
	"What the hell?" Paco heard his words repeated back to him almost
verbatim "how you know what – "
	"Remember our discussion Mister Wilson.  Continue."
	"Damnit" not looking at Mike – or the damn camcorder but
especially not Mo or Paco – Walt lowered his head as much as he could
with the boa constrictor grip behind him "damnit I was told about some
after-school stuff" seeing Kruisay was not going to stop him or even
censure him "okay you told me if I wanted the first installment of my
scholarship money..." waiting for the reaction.  Which he got from that
Paco dude "okay I was supposed to show up after school and... um... y'know
get into it with somebody – damnit you wanted me to believe it was some
big-titted cheerleader or something okay?" Kruisay said nothing "you can
imagine I freaked when it ain't some cheerleader it's... it's your brother
okay?" Mike bristled but Kruisay grabbed his arm locking him on the floor
"he didn't know me okay?  At least I think he didn't I just told him my
name was like Humdog or something okay?
	"I don't wanna hear this" Mike tried to edge away from Kruisay but
then Mike's hand was shoved into Kruisay's crotch, his fist on those bare
wet genitals.  Walt desperately wanted to know how that happened but only
heard something about "Saturday" and "dad" before he felt Tanaka's hand
rubbing his firm belly.
	"Keep going" Walt heard Mo say "the whole sick scene, I wanna hear
this straight from you, not from..." glaring at Kruisay "spill it kid."
	"Damn Coach y'gotta do that?" Walt tried turning but Mo grunted at
him to face the newly-loaded camera.  Walt glanced at the camcorder in the
blackness somewhere behind Mo and wanted to ask, which one?  But instead he
just glared at Mike "yeah considering it was you who tricked me to stay"
looking at Kruisay, or rather Mike's hand on that thick uncut dick "I was
real surprised it was Farbersten there not you" seeing Mo turn and look at
Kruisay with a surprised and more than slightly pissed expression "yeah big
straight Farbersten was real hot to see his star wrestler all naked and
sexed up okay?  Bet the dude didn't think I'd actually do it y'know
especially when he wheels out one of those" nodding in the camcorder's
direction "and sorry to break it to you Tool but I had your brother pinned
and ass spread in seconds... damn" Tanaka's hand found its target and was
slowly stroking serious life back into it.  The thin red material was
smooth and damp enough to provide the perfect friction to get Walt moaning
fast.  That was until Tanaka eased down the front of those leggings and
then it was bare flesh on bare flesh with the hard cut meat being stroked
for all to see.  With some prodding Walt continued "yeah oh fuck oh fuck I
shot my load in his ass so fast – "
	"No!" Mike protested but Walt could not be satisfied it was his
gory description or it was Kruisay's hand in Mike's crotch as well.
	"Yeah I creamed his ass so fast Farbersten was almost pissed!  He
even made me do him all over again like two more times yeah and getting
your brother to shoot off with my dick in him and no..." Walt pulled free
just in time.  His cock throbbed and throbbed but he did not blow his load.
	"He's not real is he?" Paco came out from behind Tanaka "I mean
that's just his bragging right?  That never really happened did it?"
	"You tell us" Kruisay's grip tightened on Mike's cock, the fabric
not enough to prevent Kruisay from getting a good grip "you know how Pat
can have multiple orgasms – "
	"Huh? What?" this time Mike did pull free of Kruisay's grip.
	"Pat... um..." Paco gulped "hey he really your brother?"
	"Huh?  Don't tell me you – "
	"Like your dad name's Mike too right?"
	"My dad how you..." Mike was on his feet "what the hell...?"
	"My uncle Otis knows your dad okay?"
	"Yeah okay I forgot about that but how you know about Pat?"
	"He made uncle Otis and me..." nodding at Kruisay.
	"What?!?!  You bastard!" and Mike was on Kruisay.
	"It is true" Kruisay managed to get in between slugs and kicks and
then it was Tanaka and Mo separating them after several tense minutes of
near meltdown.
	"Fuck you you bastard I'm gonna – "
	"What did you say?"
	"I said FUCK YOU!  I'm gonna – "
	"Fuck me?  You would fuck me?" Kruisay broke free and jammed his
face into Mike's.
	"Damn right!  Right here right now you bastard!"
	"Finally" Kruisay looked at Mo then Tanaka, his sweaty face almost
concealing his triumph "the table."
	"Are you sure we..." but Tanaka let Walt loose hoping they did not
kill each other in his absence.  In seconds flat he was wheeling from the
other room a low padded massage table.  As soon as he had it in place and
the wheels locked Kruisay jumped up on the padded surface face down, his
hips raised up.  Suddenly Mike was not all rage and flying limbs.
	"Huh?  What?" was the best he could grunt out.
	"You admit finally you want to fuck me.  You want to fuck your
coach in the – "
	"Fuck no I mean what I damn it was just an – "
	"You do not want to exact your vengeance after what I did to you
with your brothers – "
	"Damn Coach not now not here" seeing Walt's expression, almost
gloating.
	"Did he... did Coach, did he do things to you... um in front
of... your brothers?" Paco was hesitant, but desperate to get a better idea
of how deep into this shit he was.
	"Worse than that" Kruisay raised his hips, flexing his glutes like
Mike would jump on him any second "I was not the first... or the most
recent" not needing to look at Paco "to have Patrick multiple orgasm while
being repeatedly – "
	"STOP okay?" Paco knew if Kruisay did not shut up, all eyes would
be on him next.  And the last thing he wanted was Mike going after him
next.  Because right now Mike was his only hope of surviving this steadily
worsening evening "whatever you and Mike's bro did or did not do, that's
like ancient history now okay?" looking at Mike with something like
pleading "but that ain't got shit to do with what's all this crap about
tonight okay?  We all know you ain't really expecting Mike here to do you
in front of us" nodding at the cameras "or them, right?" nodding at Mo
"especially him!  So why the HELL ARE we here?  Cause it sure as hell ain't
about these" tugging at his waistband.  And readjusting his pinched cock in
the process.
	"Smart kid" Mo suddenly found his voice "no you really were here
for these" kicking at some of the discarded sports outfits on the floor "we
needed to see if they would work as designed – damn straight they sure
did" and if the big half-naked linebacker-thick meathead didn't lumber to
his feet, tugging at a huge lump in his boxers "but that was just like
y'know... to pay the bills.  Now it's what you been angling at but too
chicken-shit to come out and say" slugging Kruisay's shoulder "like first
Mike here fucks this hair-ball, then Walt you gonna fuck Mike – "
	"Hey!" from several voices at once.
	"Yeah then Coach Tanaka, he's been almost fucking Walt all night,
then you!" grabbing Paco before he could jump back "this big tool fucks
Tanaka then damn if I don't fuck your black ass!" rubbing himself to make
his point.
	"Like hell you will!"
	"Okay okay joke's over" Walt cut in, not so much to save Paco's
ass, but his own.  As much as the idea of finally doing Mike in front of
witnesses was almost too good to turn down he knew this bull-dozer was
totally yanking their chains!  And taking Tanaka's purple mushroom up his
ass... no way was that happening.  Ever! "so seriously, if none of that's
happening, you said you got what you came for so we're out of here now
right?"
	"Up to you" and if Kruisay didn't ease himself off the table, or
rather uncoiled himself and took his stance next to Tanaka "tell them."
	"Yes, the display of our sponsors new line of sports wear is..."
	"Yeah, like I said we got enough... for now" Mo put the camera back
in the canvas bag, expecting someone to catch his minor slip "yeah."
	"So we're done here right?" Walt waited for Kruisay's nod.  Instead
there was Mo retrieving several envelopes from the same bag.  When he
started handing them out to the young guys, Paco for one smelled a
rat. Like a warehouse full of them!
	"What is this?"
	"Your payment from our sponsor."
	"Thought you were the" Walt let out a whistle "damn is this for
real?" seeing the amount of the check.
	"Very real" Kruisay added "that should be sufficient you agree for
one night's work."
	"Wow!" Paco was never actually "paid" for his activities the
previous night.  Only that he and his uncle had done everything to keep his
scholarship secure and his butt from deportation.  But this?  This was
something so unexpected "wait!  Does this mean the other – "
	"No, this is above and beyond all previous contracts and
agreements" Mo said, seeing how Kruisay was enjoying this now.
	"We keep this?  Really?" Walt saw the amount and all he could think
was: I did it!  It's over!
	"All yours" Mo stretched his legs, rubbing circulation back into
those tree trunks "just don't go blowing it all in one weekend guys!"
	"Wow" Mike gave a quick glance to the other two checks, seeing they
all were equally rewarded "wait!  There's a catch!"
	"No catch!"
	"Coach, okay what's the catch?  I know you and there's always
something – "
	"Our guest is correct.  You may take this and do what you want with
it.  That is entirely your decision" looking so benign his joints ached
"or..."
	"Damnit!  I knew there was a – "
	"You may take your check and leave or..."
	"Here it comes" Walt looked at Mike.  Mike gestured to Paco to stay
cool.
	"Or..." seeing Tanaka and then Mo give a slight nod "or you may..."
pausing for right moment "you have the ability to... double it."
	"Huh?  What?  Say that again!" from three cracking voices all
straining over each other.
	"As I said.  You are completely free to either leave now much
richer than you were when you came here tonight or..." Kruisay looked at
them one by one "or if you stay and double your amount..."
	"Doing what?  Exactly?"
	"Doing what you were imagining moments before" Kruisay tripped the
switch, closing the trap around them "and yes, gentlemen I assure you it
will be completely sexual as you – "
	"Damnit just like I expected" Paco shook his head "not like after
everything's happened so far can't say I'm surprised" looking at Mike
"sorry but this is where I leave it to the... um pros."
	"Huh?  You callin us...?" Walt knew he was being insulted.  Not
sure how exactly, but still he felt bitch-slapped.
	"Oh and one more stipulation" Kruisay hid his smirk behind narrowed
eyes "the offer only stands if all three of you agree."
	"Huh?"
	"No way!"
	"C'mon Coach that's just fucked!"
	"That is the offer.  I will let you three work our the details" and
Kruisay left the room, his damage done.
	One minute, then two passed.  Mike was quick to notice Paco's hasty
exit was delayed.  Finally after another minute he trapped Paco in his
gaze.
	"You trust me?"
	"Yeah but..." looking at Walt "I know what these dudes are capable
of okay?" glancing at Mo "at least some of them."
	"Hey don't look at me okay?" Mo put up his hands and shrugged those
linebacker shoulders "what I threatened before was all bull.  I don't do
dudes okay?" still sweating out his underwear bad.
	"I think you are the one who is not willing..." Paco looked at
Walt, then nodded at Mike "seeing as you two got serious history, no way
you'd do anything if your `buddy' here is willing to – "
	"Like you would?" Walt snarled at Paco "cause dude if you do gay
shit, then I'm president of the united st—"
	"I ain't proud of what I might have already done, okay?" seeing
Mike's reaction lifting his line.
	"You... um... you really would?  Like stay?"
	"I gotta trust someone in this mess" Paco nailed Mike in his gaze.
He did not want to say: I fucked your brother and it was the most
mind-blowing thing ever happened to me, guy!  I'm betting you and your
brother are more similar than you will admit.
	"Well fine" Walt looked around for his clothes "you two stay and
get your asses ripped open I'm leaving!"
	"Wall-O!  Walt" Mike tried to stop him.
	"Don't start with me Tool!"
	"Wait just a second okay?  Just hear me out for – "
	"Don't waste your breath, cause there's no way, there's nothing you
could..." Walt heard himself and almost started laughing.  Damn, he could
think of a thousand things O'Toole could bargain with.  The thought of
taking his hole in front of the whole team was only the first of a flood of
things he could make him do.  Like Mike just handed him the key to Fort
Knox.  For starters "how bad you want me to stay?  Tell me Tool!  Make me
stay!  You really want it that bad?"
	"Bad, okay?"
	"What if..." glancing at Paco "what if I do?  Just for like what
if, okay?  What can you possibly offer me?"
	"You name it, okay?"
	"Any... like any thing?" and there it was.
	"Damn Wall-O..." but Mike knew if he didn't Walt would walk.  And
so would any chances he or Paco would get another cent out of Kruisay
either tonight or ever "okay... yeah."
	"You're so gonna regret it but fine" holding out his hand.  Mike
hesitated then shook.
	"You're the witness, Tool is mine."
	"Look you two, just because – "
	"No I agreed" Mike felt like Walt looked when he came out the
locker room earlier and was ready to strip naked and let Kruisay fuck him
right then and there "Coach go tell Coach we agreed" expecting Tanaka to go
fetch Kruisay.
	"I was expecting you to be adults, very intelligent adults and
arrive at the logical decision" Kruisay materialized through the door like
he had been there the whole time.  But when he wheeled a second camcorder
into the room with him, they all knew it would be bad.
	"So... um..." Paco expected the worst "is he going to... I mean he
really has to um... fuck me... like the whole cluster fuck like you were
saying?" seeing Mo eyeing him, or rather his crotch "I don't need your
sports gear anymore, huh?"
	"They are now your sports gear" Mo actually looking nervous, yet
rubbing his hands in anticipation "but no, strip those black muscles like
totally naked.  Same goes for all of you!"
	"All of us?"
	"Oh yeah, this is gonna be so intense you can't imagine" and
suddenly it was Mo's show.  Like it had ever been anybody else's "if it I
mean, you!" pointing at Kruisay "and you" and of all people Tanaka "like we
talked about.  Like you planned.  It's goin down!"
	"Planned?" Walt was not about to remove anything "you telling me
this whole fucking shit was all planned?"
	"Not planned, no" and there was Tanaka stepping out of his tight
wet leggings.  And then the singlet was finally peeled off his shiny body,
angry red marks everywhere where the various straps and bands had cut into
his body.  He tried to remove the rubber cock-ring but Kruisay indicated it
was no longer necessary.  Instead Kruisay again hopped up on the table,
lying on his side facing them.  If he was not hard before, his cock was
getting there fast "but after last night..."
	"What ABOUT last night?" gasped Paco, frozen in mid-motion wearing
little more than a waterlogged jockstrap, one ball and half his cock free
of the inadequate pouch.  Walt was too embarrassed and distracted to
comment on his amazing physique; Mike's eyes just bugged out as he gave
Paco a big thumbs-up, slowly registering what was just said "you talking
about...?"
	"Yes and no" Tanaka gave himself a series of shakes and stretches
like he was preparing to dive into the deep end.  Because he knew what was
coming and needed to be ready for it "but after last night I – um we
needed... um..."
	"To see if it was just a fluke or it was..." Mo almost looked like
he was torn about what he should say next.  Like he was trying to describe
something impossibly self-incriminating.  Even if he knew the words to use.
	"Or by some possibility repeatable" and if a naked and sweatyTanaka
did not also hop up on table, his face almost in Kruisay's crotch.
	"No fucking way" Walt was both shocked and amused "no way you two
gonna blow each other just like..." but that is what they began to do right
there in front of everyone.  Tanaka adjusted and slid sideways on the table
until his face was in Kruisay's crotch and his against Kruisay's chin.
Once they adjusted for Tanaka's relatively short stature, the two leaned in
and in seconds there were two mouths again on two hard cocks "I'm seeing it
but I ain't believing it..."
	"What about us?" Paco looked at Mike, signaling distress call "I
mean are we like supposed to like y'know do the same..."
	"You" Mo was pointing at Walt "and you" to Mike" gonna see how long
you can keep your dicks in those two without shooting your – "
	"WHAT?!?!" from all three of them.
	"You were threatening – hey you wanted to fuck Kruiser, here's
the only chance you ever getting" ignoring his shouts of protest "and you"
pointing at Walt "fucking dudes like second nature for you by now.  Don't
stand there yapping do it!"
	Mo reached into his bag producing an unlabed tube of what had to be
lubricant.
	"Not that you really need it.  They're both pretty slicked up
already!" letting out a deep chuckle.  There was shock and hesitation but
before they knew what hit them, Mo got Walt to take the tube and then with
a loud bark Walt's cock was greasy and shiny as he was directed over behind
Tanaka's firm meaty ass, flexing and tensing as his cock pistoned in and
out of Kruisay's mouth.  Walt was almost in a haze before he found himself
pressing against that hot brown flesh, telling himself he just wanted to
bend over Tanaka, just to get a real close look y'know, only to see if they
actually were blowing each other – his two hard-ass wrestling coaches! –
if they were actually doing it for real.  Through the haze he could see
O'Toole also closing in behind Kruisay's furry thick ass looking at him
with the same amazed dumbfounded expression Walt knew he had on his face as
well.  He didn't actually make any conscious efforts to press his amazingly
hard swollen thick cock between those cheeks but before he knew what was
happening that tight slippery hole had practically inhaled the head and
then it felt like he was being pulled into it, like he was losing his
balance and when his hands grabbed Tanaka's body to keep from falling his
cock was pulled deep down into that clenching hole.  He thought at one
point he glanced up and Mike was also deep in Kruisay's ass, all those
amazing smooth muscles just popping as he began pistoning in and out of
Kruisay's – yes Kruisay!! – hard hairy muscle butt.  The sight of his
amazingly hot mortal enemy in total fuck-mode looking like the hottest dude
he ever thought he would see fucking like crazy went straight to his balls
and was he actually cumming?  The tight hot spasming flesh pulling his cock
and Mike's cock and Kruisay's ass and those two mouths and cocks all
started blurring together in Walt's head, his cock hyper-sensitive during
his orgasm his never-ending orgasm and damn his bone was not coming out it
was not going anywere but deeper and deeper into Mike's ass no Kruisay's no
his ass taking Mike's cock no Kruisay's no! all bodies blurring together
fucking getting fucked shooting into each other everyone fucking and being
fucked all spinning into one huge insane swirling berserk chaos!
	"What... what... what..." Paco was seeing it but not believing it.
He looked at Mo, barely able to make out his huge silhouette through the
growing blue haze pulsing off the entwined bodies.
	"Put these on!" Mo shouted at him over the growing roaring din "and
do not take off that jock whatever you do!" as he tossed Paco a pair of
heavy-duty rubber work gloves.  Paco barely unstood what he was saying but
put them on, surprised how thick and long they were, coming almost to his
elbow.  He saw Mo wade into the blue waves behind Walt and hearing
something shouted at him, did the same behind Mike's spasming backside.
The waves of blue light coming off Mike's body were getting stronger and
more frequent, reminding Paco of nothing so much as the time he got caught
in the ocean trying to swim to shore against the changing tide.  Except
these waves were going right to his cock!  He could almost feel hot blue
pulses buzzing and crackling tingling off Mike's ass pulling his cock
closer and closer until his cockhead pushed free of the foreskin, sprang
free of the pouch and banged into Mike's burning crack.  Paco's gloved
hands grabbed Mike's shoulders but not before something like a bolt of
electricity hit his cock and burning hot cum was just gushing out of him
over and over, each shot shorting the electric charge between the two again
and again.  He was about to grab Mike and slam his out-of-control cock deep
into another O'Toole ass when he felt someone grab him from behind and yank
him backwards.
	"Don't touch him again!  Only your hands!" he heard Mo yelling into
his ears from miles away "count to twenty then pull him out of Kruiser, you
hear? Understand?"
	Paco tried to nod but by that point his whole body was shaking and
spasming.  He put his hands on Mike's shoulders bending his hips as far
back as he could, then began a count-down, no longer aware of Mo behind
him.  He did not know if he could make the full count, feeling his cock
beginning to shoot off again even though his crotch was bent way back and
everything around him was just one big swirling caldron of... of what?  He
yelled and grabbed tight and with all his strength he gave Mike a huge yank
backwards, falling backwards as he did, hoping his grip would not give way.
He fell on the matted floor and then after a long long time felt a warm
body come crashing down on top of him, a tight hotness grabbing his cock as
the last of his orgasm overtook him and Paco's lungs collapsed as he
blacked out.

Master requires me to be freshly washed and shaved and prepared to serve
Him before he awakes, so each day I go to the crude bathroom he has set
up for me in the basement next to the blanket he kindly allows me to
sleep on. I am chained in during the night, and am permitted to reach
the key to my locks only at 4:30 AM. He knows I would never think about
touching it any other time.

My shower routine is very specific, like much of my life.

I wet my body under the slightly warmed water, use shampoo on the every
short hair on my head, reaching behind to remove my night but plug.
Master started having me wear one all night right after I came into His
service. Now and then he replaces it with a larger one.

I put the plug in my mouth, tasting my ass juices, thank Master aloud
for allowing me that sensation.

Master has been working to enlarge my nipples, my piggy tits, he calls
them, and each morning in the shower I am to spend five minutes standing
at attention, with my head bowed and my ass stuck out, in position to
accept His cock or anything He should want to put in it if he were to
awake early and want to use me. I use my hands to roughly squeeze the
piggy tits, hurting them, making them grow plump. Master wants them to
be one inch long and as thick as the tip of a marking pen, so big that
they will be visible, pushing out from underneath any shirt I might wear
outside the house. He says they will eventually be so big He will cut
holes in all of my shirts to expose them to everyone. He says people,
even strangers, should be allowed to play with them, to take selfies
with them and to mock me for looking so much like a pig.

I am almost always hard by the time I finish the routine. I would be
hard even without pumping them, just from thinking about how He is
changing me.

Next, I use shaving cream to touch up any parts of my body showing
growth. Master wants me hairless, of course, as any slut bitch should
be. But he also wants anyone seeing me to know what I am. He allows me
to keep a very small vertical slit of hair right above my cock to
represent the cunt I should have. And he has me very carefully shave
each armpit to leave a long very narrow up and down strip of hair that I
am to keep growing long. The rest of the armpit is completely bare The
effect is ridiculous, of course and He knows it. He will take me to the
gym with him and make sure that I shower for a long time, often holding
my arms above my head to expose the bizarre hair strip. The men and boy
at the gym always point me out to newcomers, laughing and mocking me.

Next I spend a minute with one thumb in my cunt and the other in my
mouth. Nobody is there to see this embarrassing pose, but I still blush
each morning as I fuck my holes with my thumbs. I then switch thumbs,
and repeat the exercise for another minute. I remove the plug from my
mouth and replace it swiftly in my cunt. I wash my body and turn off the
water, drying off with a rough towel.




Bitch's Hours

6:30AM
One part of my day of serving.

I am kneeling behind Sir as he stands at his bathroom sink, shaving. My
face pressing into the muscular hairy cheeks of his ass, licking his
Master's hole, using my tongue to gently probe in and out, causing his
Master's cock to fill with blood, tubular like. It is pressed up against
the marble counter top, pulsing as he likes.

This is part of my everyday duty.

I have learned that He likes it when I curl my tongue into a "u" shape
as I probe his hole. Massaging the sides of his chute, trying hard to
prompt a sigh or groan or...maybe even a comment! Two weeks ago He had
said "good bitch!" during my work on him, and I was on a high all day.

Sometimes a bit of shaving cream will fall onto my nose and I will wait
for it to make its way to the tip and then to my tongue. Even though it
was an accident of fate, I always treated it as a special gift from
Him...as I treated everything I have, since it all comes from Him.

The smell of the oil and cream he uses to shave is another turn on,
since he uses it on me to keep me from showing any Real Man hair. Twice
a week he ties me to his leather covered table in the basement, flipping
me when he is done shaving one side.

  I am responsible for keeping myself hairless in between his sessions.
My legs no longer need shaving, after months going to a laser hair
removal place for weeks now. Eventually I will be hairless as a bitch
should be up to my neck. It will please me greatly to look as he wants,
an honor!

Submissive slave slut
aka bamaboi2serve


Bitch's Hours

7:00 AM
One part of my day of serving

Sir has a set of restraints bolted into a wall of his bathroom, and
after he dismisses me from my ass  duty, I remove my plug, placing it on
the floor, and use the restraints to secure myself in three of the four
restraints, facing the mirrored wall, leaving my hand in position for
him to lock the last one.

He sometimes will put a touch of lube on his big uncut shaft before he
gives me my morning fuck, but not always, and I am always pleased to
have him enter me one way or the other. Once he is in me. He pauses and
plays with my tits for a few minutes. He has me on a schedule of working
them twice a day, so they are plump and ready to be squeezed hard
between his fingers. My own cock stiffens as he does so, but the
chastity cage I wear 24/7 prevents any actual full erection. It has been
almost a year since my last actual ejaculation, though I am milked
monthly.

When he finishes, he begins taking fast strokes into my hole, sometimes
coming all the way out and slamming back into me with full force. He has
trained me to open and close my boy cunt in time with his fucking, and
it usually takes just seconds for him to shoot, pressing as deep  into
me as possible, washing my insides with his master's seed. Finished, he
roughly pushes my big plug back  into my hole to make sure his semen
will be absorbed into me during the day, and he goes to shower, leaving
me hanging in place.


One part of my day of serving

Sir releases me from my wall restraints when he is done showering, and I
help him dry off, working on his legs and feet so he does not have to
bend down to do that himself. I kiss each toe on both foot when I am
finished. He will put his hand on my head to balance himself and he does
the rest of his drying, and I am silent, as he requires.

In his bedroom, I get the clothing he has selected and help dress him,
starting with his jockstrap. He always wears jockstraps. They are large
size, because he is a big man and well endowed, as I know perhaps better
than any person alive.

If I have been good so far in the day, he will allow me to kneel in
front of him and place my nose on the pouch, inhaling his scent, again
causing my restrained boi cock to attempt to get hard. I know His scent
so well that I am confident I could pick out his clothing in a  mountain
of dirty laundry. It is a great pleasure for me to have these few
moments inhaling him as he ties his tie. I move out of the way as he
puts on pants and the rest of his clothes for the day.

I am so blessed.

Submissive slave slut
aka bamaboi2serve


Bitch's Hours

7:50 AM
One part of my day of serving

I am in position below the kitchen table before He sits down to eat the
light breakfast I had prepared for him. He drinks his coffee an listens
to the news on the radio, sometimes absently reaching below and petting
my head as one might comfort a dog.

Eventually I see him unzip his trousers and snake his soft but long cock
out. It is my cue, and I lean in, taking it in my mouth with no sucking
or pressure. I am very careful not to touch him other than that one
point...my mouth circling his cock. We have done this so many times that
there is no delay before his piss starts filling my mouth. I have
learned how to do what he wants...to keep my mouth full without
overflowing. It  is a matter of allowing a small amount to go down my
throat, while keeping the mouth cavity  filled with his warm aromatic
fluid.

When he is finished, I carefully turn onto my back, keeping my piss
filled mouth facing up. When I have turned so my head is laying on the
floor between his legs I hold my piss filled mouth open for Him. He
pulls his chair back and leans over me, letting a long stream of his
saliva to a part of the cocktail he gives me as a present each morning.

He stands and issued a single command. "Swallow".
And I do, adding more of him to my insides. My slave cocks at this point
strains against the cage, denied as usual.

Submissive slave slut



Bitch's Hours.

8:10 AM
One part of my day of serving

Although I have done almost everything perfectly, there is a last part
of our ritual morning that is a reminder of the punishments I will get
should I fail him. I stand at a chair next to the front door, his
favorite punishment paddle laying on it. He arrives, puts his briefcase
and keys aside, picks up the paddle and sits down.  I lay across his
legs and stretch my ass up it in position for him.

This part of the morning is oddly silent, and I yearn to ask him if
there is something he can say or I can recite to add to it. I do not, of
course, that not being my right. I wonder if I will be disobedient if I
say something to myself , just in my head. Counting the strikes? Saying
"Thank You" for each one? Apologizing? Something.

He picks up the paddle and in perfect rhythm strikes my cheeks so hard
the sound echoes through the entrance hall. Twelve strokes in all. Why
twelve I wonder? But they leave my cheeks bright red, and I  will feel
the heat from his discipline for most of the morning, as I suspect he
intends.

After he leaves, wordlessly, I stand and go to the closet sized "room" I
am permitted to live in. I place the black collar with the label "sissy"
on it around my neck. There is a pair of girl's underwear tossed
carelessly on the floor. He leaves a pair for me each day. I put it on
and it presses the plug in my ass. It is bright pink with a yellow
flower design, and even though this is a longtime well rehearsed
routine, I feel myself blushing. It will be my slut uniform of the day.

Submissive slave slut
aka bamaboi2serve


Bitch's Hours

10:00am
One part of my day of serving

Master leaves very little to chance in my daily schedule. I have duties
to perform, and a list is left on my door every day.

I stay in my sissy uniform, plug pressing into my hole, my collar
proclaiming my status, his scent still strong on my face, performing the
chores he has scheduled for me that day. Much of it is cleaning his
large home. There are a half dozen bathrooms and eight bedrooms, plus
his office and the living areas. He taught me early why I should care
about how good of a job I do, dragging me into one of the rarely used
bathrooms and ordering me to lick the toilet bowl rim clean. I hesitated
a second, and he pushed me to the floor, pulled out his cock and pissed
all over the bowl and the floor around it. He added ashes from the cigar
he is smoking to the mess and then spent the next hour reading a
magazine as I licked the mess up. I was a lot more careful about
cleaning from that day on.

Every now and then the doorbell will ring. I wait ten seconds to see if
the cell phone I wear on a chain around my neck will buzz. If it does
not, I ignore the door, but every now and then the doorbell is followed
by a text from Master, telling me to answer the door. I know better than
to change my appearance. Usually it is a friend of Master's who has come
to be serviced. Master's text will tell me what I must do. This
particular day the text said it would be "Bobby", and I was to treat him
especially well. I opened the door, looking down at the floor, and
welcomed him in.

Submissive slave slut
aka bamaboi2serve

Bitch's Hours

11:00 AM
One part of my day of serving.

Bobby was a young black man...probably not quite 20 yet, but he was
big...tall and muscular, with a sharply trimmed beard. He was wearing
shorts and a muscle tank top. Tufts of his equally dark pit hair pushed
out from behind his muscular arms, though his chest appeared shaved.

In a single motion, Bobby slammed the door closed, slapped me across the
face and ordered me to my knees. I was in position in a second, my cheek
stinging.

"I don't have a lot of time, cunt, so start working on this and make it
good," he ordered as he unzipped and let his slab of uncut dark black
Master meat hang from his fly.
I wasted no time in wrapping my mouth around the quickly enlarging
cock...his head popped out from the sheath as the cock stretched to a
full nine inch length. It was thick too, and as I worked it into my
throat, his fat dick filled my mouth. Apparently I wasn't working quite
fast enough, for Bobby grabbed the back of my head with one hand and
started controlling my motions, pulling me all the way onto his now
rigid  shaft. That pushed his pole deep into my throat, and I struggled
to take all of him.
  Four rough plunges into me was all it took, and Bobby was shooting
deep in me, holding my head so my lips were flush with his pubes. I
could feel him emptying his seed into me, his cock pulsing with each
flying jet of Master seed.

He pulled his cock out, aimed it at my head and almost instantly started
pissing on me, He adjusted the torrent so it covered my body and pooled
on the wood floor all around me. Without a word he turned and left,
leaving the front door wide open so any passersby would see me for what
I am. Another text from Master: let that piss dry on you all day, and
lick the hallway floor clean, cunt.

It took me a while before I had the chance to take up Andy's invitation to
visit again, so I had quite a sizeable load built up by the time I came
around for a repeat performance.

Andy greeted me at the door dressed to go out. He looked good in a suit.

"Come in mate", Andy said, "I would stay, but I've been called into work -
some disaster or another. I will be online, but Xavier's in the bedroom. I
got him primed and ready for you. I'll be on my phone and I put up an ad -
if there are any interested guys out there, I'll send them in. I hope you
don't mind"

Well, it wasn't my ass being used by strangers so why would I care?

"Well, I'm not going to have time to play email tag and get pics from these
guys plus Xavvy is hardly going to see them or care - who knows what will
come through the door right?" Andy laughed, "No doubt you'll tell me. Have
fun. I really gotta go."

And with that, I had full access to their home.  I went to the bedroom
first, and saw that indeed Xavier was primed. Like last time, he was
blindfolded so all I could see was his mop of soft brown hair over the
fabric wound around his head tightly his head, his nostrils flaring as his
breath quickened in anticipation, and those soft cherry lips, which he
moistened with his tongue.  His hands were hand-cuffed above his head to a
ring the boys had installed into the wall behind the bed. His legs were
spread and tied at the ankles and knees to opposite ends of head-board,
leaving his hole open and fully exposed. A hole which leaked glistening,
freshly deposited cum - courtesy of Andy I imagined.

I stepped into the room and traced my finger around that cute pucker,
teasing the little fucker.

"Please fuck me sir." pleaded Xavier. He was whimpering in his restraints,
cock straining the fabric of his jock and hole winking at me in open
invitation.

I smirked and left the room, taking my time to tour the house all the while
hearing Xavier pleading again for me to fuck him. Photos were up in the
living room and study, showing Xavier and Andy at various holidays they had
taken together. Xavier had the most beautiful bright green eyes - shame I
wasn't going to be seeing those beauties today. I also came across a whole
shelf of DVDs in various generic cases labelled only with dates. Might
check them out later.

By the time I stepped back into the room, Xavier was desperate and was
writhing frentically on the bed in his bonds. When I placed my hard cock
under his nose, he inhaled it with his mouth, sucking on it like his life
depended on it. Meanwhile, I strummed that horny pucker of his, flicked at
his nipples and basically let him slurp away at my cock.

I was just about to try out his hole when I heard a knock at the door. I
stepped away from Xavier, cock leading the way, to get the door. I opened
it to find two pimply faced kids still in their school uniform. And I was
in my birthday suit with a hard-on. They sort of gaped at me and then
hurried in before I could change my mind.

"Thanks for the hot ad Andy" one of them gushed.

"I'm not Andy." I said, before turning around and heading back to the
bedroom at a leisurely pace stopping briefly to see if they were going to
follow.

I got back into the bedroom and straddled Xaiver's chest, shoving my cock
balls-deep into Xavier's hungry mouth. I heard the two boys come in behind
me and start undressing. I stared straight at the wall as I ploughed that
throat, trying to ignore Xavier gagging and spluttering as I abused him
mercilessly. I felt a hot breath on my shoulder and turned slightly to see
that the two boys were playing with that hole.

I pointed at the condoms. I was not about to rain on the parade of these
two adolescents discovering themselves, but I was not about to endorse them
picking up bad habits.

I heard them going after the condoms and I could hear the packets being
used. Then, I felt Xavier moan around my embedded cock as his ass was
pierced by one of the two young jocks. The boys went at it with all the
vigour, enthusiasm and joy of youth while Xavier's moaned and struggled to
suck my cock with all the jolting. One of them rested a hand on my shoulder
for stability (or added leverage) as they exploded all too soon into their
rubber. I looked over my shoulder as the second boy lined up and saw that
the second guy was sporting a much thicker cock.  I smirked, grinding my
pubes into Xavier's nose at the excellent moment of first penetration.
Xavier proved that trying to howl in agony when gagging on a cock is nigh
impossible, but his attempts felt fucking amazing along the length of my
pole! Boy 2 hammered Xavier's hole much like his friend - fast, furious and
brief.  After he lost his nut too, I heard them both getting dressed and
leaving without me giving them much more of a glance. Freshly fucked,
Xavier was happy as a baby and giving my dick his undistracted, jubilant
attention.

When I heard the door slam shut outside, I slipped on a condom of my own
and slid into Xavier's abused, velvety hole. I stroked slowly, rubbing his
semi-hard cock back to full rigidity and ensuring his nipples were pert,
swollen and sensitive as I worked him over. I took pains to make sure he
never got too close and pinched under his cockhead regularly to keep him
close to the edge. Before long, he was writhing again in tortured pleasure,
pre-cum leaking and hole milking my dick. The boys had left their used
condoms on the bed so I suspended one above Xavier's face and let the
cooling, jail-bait sperm drip all over his face and open hungry mouth to
give him that really used slut look.

I had just upended the contents of the second condom mostly into Xavier's
hungry gullet when there was another knock at the door. The man I let in
was not attractive. At all. My hard-on withered in moments, but this guy
wasn't after a piece of my ass.

"Wow, thanks for the invite Andy."

"I'm not Andy." I said. "But Andy's boyfriend is through there, if you want
a piece."

"Who are you then?"

"Just the first guy who answered the call."

"So his boyfriend's not even here? That's hot." The man undressed right
there in the living room and padded down the hall. For a very fat and very
unattractive man, I was still able to see his cock stiffening under the
pot-belly - a considerable feat and I would guess he would be packing at
least a 10 inch beer-can thick monster there. I could not help but be
impressed by that feat of human engineering.

I went to the study and picked out a DVD with last Monday's date on it. The
computer was on so I put the disc in and waited for it to start playing. I
heard Xavier's loud slurping and gagging stop in the next room and the
pained moan as his hole struggled to accommodate its latest invader. His
pleas to slow down, that it was too big were obviously ignored and the
pleas and moans gradually faded to a pained whimper. Which is the point
when the video started to play and I could see Xavier in his customary
blindfolded state in the living room. I watched entranced as first Andy
fucked him raw, then some other faceless athletic man dumped his load into
Xavier before they both took turns to use the deposited cum as lubricant
while they worked his ass over with dildos of various unnaturally large
sizes and shapes. I was gaping as what looked like a metre of flexible
plastic dildo was being fed into Xavier's bottomless hole. All of this
while Xavier moaned and whimpered and the fugly guy growled, grunted and
generally abused the fuck out of Xavier's supple, tight manpussy in the
next room.

Xavier's hole snapped shut around the metre of dildo now snaking its way
through his guts and I watched him jack off while the two guys poked his
abs and slapped his butt. Xavier came quickly then and as his cock pulsed
its last spurt over his chest, that amazing ass relaxed and all that
plastic dildo poured out of his ass. The movie ended when that dildo
finally slipped out entirely, the whole plastic length smeared in the white
frothy cream of cum shots past. I realised I had been holding my breath and
marvelled at the talent next door. My cock was so hard it hurt.

I realised the sounds had stopped in the next room. I poked my head in to
see the fugly guy resting, clearly fully embedded still inside Xavier. It
was entrancingly grotesque - Xavier's calves sort of appearing from the
man's armpits and everything under his nipples hidden under the guy's
bulk. The fugly guy moved to get up on shaky legs, disengaging slowly and
turning to see me standing at the doorway.

"Man, that ass is fantastic! I haven't fucked anything that hot in years."

Insert here my complete lack of surprise.

The dude sort of lumbered out to the living room and I stepped in closer to
check on Xavier.

Xavier's hole was gaping and wide - a testament to the monster he had just
taken inside him. I thought I could stick in three fingers and barely touch
the walls, but even as I watched that hole twitched and flexed, the hole
tightening up as I watched. The fugly guy had not worn protection I could
tell (judging by the condoms provided, none of them would have fit on him)
so a large puddle of thick cum had collected under Xavier's open butt
hole. Judging by the glistening wet smears on Xavier's abs, it seems he had
cum as well from the fucking he had just received.

My dick, which had softened before, now started hardening quickly. I
slipped on a condom and coated it liberally with the leaked cum. I crept
onto the bed and fed the head of my cock into that gaping, freshly-fucked
hole. Xavier moaned, his hands straining as he felt the fresh intrusion.

"No, not yet." Xavier slurred, half conscious and legs pushing against my
chest.

"You will take it and you will like it." I growled and Xavier whimpered in
submission. I pushed his legs against his chest, leaving his sore, still
gaping hole completely vulnerable. I aimed and then thrust my entire cock
into that hole, balls-deep.

Xavier moaned, legs tensing under my hands but bound as he was, he was
helpless. But even through the latex, I could feel his cummy hole grip my
cock and begin to milk it. A true slut's instincts. I began to fuck in
earnest, long deep strokes at a gentle but relentless pace that soon had
Xavier sweating and writhing against the bonds on his hands.

"You like that cock slut?"

"Yeah, oh yeah, please give it to me." Xavier panted.

I love it when they beg, and more than happy to give it to him. I picked up
the pace, pushing down on his legs harder till I was pile-driving his ass
almost vertically, the bed creaking rhythmically as I slam-fucked that
beautiful hole. Xavier went completely into that Nirvana where good bottoms
go, whimpering and moaning an incomprehensible garble of filth like
"fucking breed my slut cunt" and "more cock more cock". Then his cock,
untouched and still hard, drooled another load onto his abs. Xavier during
an orgasm is like a living, breathing cum milking machine and my decision
to keep fucking his spasming ass through his orgasm gave me a mindblowing
high as well while I shot jet after jet of cum into that insatiable ass.

I collapsed on top of him and kissed him for the first time - feeling his
lips respond tentatively and then hungrily. I rubbed his load into that
heaving chest of his as we made out like teenagers for a few moments. When
I pulled out, I pushed Xavier's butt up, marvelling again at that amazing
sphincter struggling to close. Then I upended the contents of my condom
into that still open, frothy cum hole, watching the thick creamy mix seep
in and disappear inside him - lubrication for the next lucky guy.

I went and had a shower to wash off all the sweat and cum from my
body. When I returned, to get dressed Xavier had passed out on the bed in a
sweaty, cummy mess.

There was a knock on the door just as I had finished getting dressed. I
opened the door for these three guys, dressed in suits and stinking of
alcohol.

"This where the slut is?"

I just pointed them to the bedroom and stood aside as they marched on in,
laughing and weaving slightly. Their fingers, I noticed, were each graced
with a gold band. Married men looking to relieve their blue balls it
seemed.

Borrowing a pen from the living area, I wrote a quick message on the back
of a piece of paper and stuck it on the wall next to the door. "Slut in the
bedroom. Help yourself."

As I opened the door to leave, I could already hear the cheers and jeers of
the horny wolf pack egging each other on to fuck him harder and deeper, to
make the whore moan, etc. I rolled my eyes and left them to it.

The next day, I got a message from Andy. Turns out that when he got home,
he found Xavier had been untied, and was being double penetrated raw by two
tattooed guys in front of the TV. Another tattooed man was filming the orgy
on his phone. There was a couple in his study watching his home vids on the
computer as well - slowly jacking off to the scenes, and finally some old
dude passed out on his cum-drenched bed. He told me he was a bit surprised
I had left his boyfriend there alone, but that Xavier seemed to have come
through fine. After all the tattooed guys finished, Andy had kicked
everyone else out and then fisted Xavier's abused ass - Andy said Xavier's
ass had never felt more silky smooth and open ever. They were about to head
out to the doctors for a check-up and some "morning after" pills because of
all that unprotected sex, but apparently Xavier was keen to do it again -
would I be interested?

Would I ever.